[Music]
Immediately before the Renaissance, you
had these huge UFO battles over various
European cities. Huge triangular craft,
spheres of various colors attacking each
other, some of them falling from out of
the sky. What a lot of people are
concerned about, including people in the
deep state of our own government,
>> is that
the bad guys won. In the struggle over
reshaping human history,
we wound up losing a rebellion against a
control system that abides to this day.
Who is actually in the driver's seat
when it comes to these sort of
scientific paradigm shifts? Who is
pumping these ideas through these
architects?
>> The religious control system on the
planet.
>> And so what is that? This this thing is
very similar to a thing that happened in
our biblical records where a Lord
presented Moses with a pattern to build
a tabernacle. He they came out of the
sky. They handed him stone tablets. And
this phenomena that's taking place today
is as old as our history. At the time
the black plague breaks out, there are
many UFO sightings. There are sightings
of objects that land in fields.
>> Mhm. It was so prominent that hysteria
broke out about it in the French court
and Charlemagne was considering
declaring war on the tyrants of the air.
>> Three men and a woman were seen
descending from these aerial ships. The
entire city gathered about them, saying
that they were magicians sent by
Charlemagne's enemy to destroy the
French harvest. The plague broke out
only after these people would land in
the fields and they would go around with
these hoods on and these spray cans and
these guys would walk and deliver
doortodoor service spraying the doors of
individual homes where then the plague
would break out.
>> Well, who are these people
>> exactly?
Ingos is being tasked to remote view the
moon. And here's what he saw there. He
saw tall Nordic people conducting slave
labor on the moon. What does that say
about who these people are? Uh, number
one, it says that they're people. I went
into another room where there was a
chair.
A man came in while I was trying to find
a way out there. And this was a a
humanlook person. They had pass in a
crowd, this individual and on Earth.
[Music]
Different parts of the brain have
different activities. But you know that,
don't you?
[Music]
>> Maybe you should interview me.
>> Jason Resa Georgiani, thank you for
joining me.
>> I can't believe I made it into heaven
with Jesse Michaels.
I know. But did you think you were you
weren't going to make it? Do you think
Where do you think Do you think you were
more of a purgatory guy or what was your
>> Well, I mean, yesterday was definitely
purgatory. I tell you, you know, I've
flown a lot and to have two airplanes
breakdown. Yeah.
>> And a 7-hour delay.
>> Yes.
>> Uh it was a little bit weird.
>> It's super weird. Well, that's the
perfect segue. Weirdness in reality. uh
for what I want to cover with you
because I think you're one of the few
people who studies UFO history and the
nuts and bolts side, but you also kind
of understand some of the deeper
underpinnings and architecture of what's
going on. I think the there's like the
kind of, you know, it's like the bell
curve or something. If you're like kind
of really dumb and normie, like you
don't think anything's going all AAM's
razor like, you know, kind of, you know,
there nothing to see here. And then you
get into the like middle of the curve,
it's like only nuts and bolts. It's
like, you know, all just saucers in a
hanger. And then once you get deep
enough or something, you know, on the on
the right side of the bell curve, it's
it's consciousness is somehow extremely
fundamental to all of this and you get
into weird stuff around secret societies
and psychic warfare and it gets weird
and so it feels like you you are really
deep into all of that stuff.
>> Yeah. You know, one thing I would take
exception to in terms of the bell curve
uh analogy there is that I basically
agree with what you're saying except I
think that there's a place on the other
side of the bell curve from where the
normies are who deny that anything much
is going on at all. Um and then people
who let's say
have read Carl Young on UFOs and
appreciate uh the extent to which this
phenomenon involves the co-constitution
of physical reality by consciousness and
so on and so forth. There's a place on
the other side of that bell curve where
someone can as it were fall off the deep
end and I think it's also a
psychological defense mechanism. you can
wind up uh developing such an abstract
meta interpretation of these phenomena
that you're actually oluding or
occultting some more tangible aspects of
it that are deeply disturbing. And so
that acts also I think both as a
psychological defense mechanism for the
particular researcher who may want to
interpret this all as like the contean
thing in itself which we will never know
and it's like uh yes you know it's
intrusions into our reality and our
limited frame of interpretation right
based on human consciousness the denial
of our capacity to ultimately discern
what's going on with this phenomenon
can also be a way to defer
responsibility for dealing with some
very tangible things that are going on
that are deeply disturbing and that have
very serious sociological and political
implications.
>> I couldn't agree more. I think some some
people who are so far off the deep end
in the consciousness realm are there
because it's unfalsifiable
because it's like impossible to study
because it really doesn't even touch our
consensus reality. So, you don't need to
justify it. it turns into its own sort
of uh uh cult. But you said something
very interesting there. You said uh
there's some deeply disturbing things
going on in just the kind of more
prosaic nuts and bolts, you know,
version of the UFO story. What do you
mean by that?
>> Let me come to that in a moment. But
before we, you know, scare the be Jesus
hat of the the listeners right off the
bat, let me give a little bit more
historical context for what I was
saying.
>> Yes.
So without naming names, Kant has become
I think very important to some people
who have taken a very abstract approach
to interpreting what's going on with the
UAP phenomenon. And if you look at
Kant's own Emanuel Kant's own life,
here's a guy and by the way I wrote
about this in um my first book
Prometheus and Atlas. There's a whole
chapter where I discuss uh Daycart and
Kant and basically the constitution of
the world picture of the age of
enlightenment right and the thing about
Kant is that in his youth he actually
took the time and care to read the
entirety of Emanuel Swedenberg's Arcana
Coalstia the secrets of heaven
which has all kinds of accounts of
extraterrestrials living on various
planets and different gradations of
existence right and planes means of
being and so on so forth. And there's
also more significantly a ton about sigh
abilities in in that book,
>> you know, about uh clairvoyance and
telekinesis and so on and so forth.
>> Well, Kant reads all this and then he
writes the groundwork of the metaphysics
of morals
in a way that develops an abstraction
based on Swedenborg. He's using
Swedenborg,
but then he's warping the metaphysical
structure of Swedenborg's work
in order to construct an unknowable
reality
beyond the veil of appearances that's
conditioned by the limits of our own
consciousness.
And if you read his earliest writings,
which he suppressed in his own lifetime,
Kant admits that the reason that he did
this is that the stuff in Swedenborg is
so disturbing that it would destabilize
society, including on a political level.
So what Kant wants to do is create this
metaphysical model that allows him to
define what he calls a kingdom of ends
where each human being is an end in
himself, a moral agent equal to every
other person. And then based on this he
can frame this categorical imperative
that you should never use any other
person as a means and every person
should be treated as an end in himself.
Right? It's like the, you know, the, you
know, Archimedian point, uh, of his
whole moral system. Well, he does this
by misappropriating and distorting
Swedenborg and covering over both the
um, psychic and and telekinetic uh,
accounts in Swedenborg's writings and
also the accounts of, you know, various
forms of extraterrestrial intelligence.
And I see the same move being made today
in certain sectors of the UAP
conversation.
>> Well, that it's fascinating. I mean,
that's a great book, Atlas, Prometheus
and Atlas. Everybody should buy it. It's
this sort of sweeping philosophical
treatise where you go through uh the
advent of empiricism and and reason and
uh you know the enlightenment and
figures like uh Kant and Andart and in
Kant's case I think you also say that
like uh the occult the reason to keep
the occult the occult or sort of
separate somehow or or you know off
limits is because uh it would involve a
storming of of heaven or something And
um did he have a political motive in
doing this? Because with Decart, I think
you say that he was a Jesuit spy. And
maybe
>> Deart was literally a Jesuit spy. In
other words, Decart was in the employ of
people who were holier than the pope. In
other you know that phrase holier than
the pope. These were agents of the
Vatican
that were acting against the uh sort of
like
status quo modus operandi of the
Catholic Church in France. They were
like uh more zealous than the pope and
they were Jesuits. And they had sent
Renee Decart to infiltrate the
Rosacrruian order
>> and to develop a false scientific
paradigm that would reduce everything in
the physical world
to uh basically mechanical causality.
which then has the effect of relegating
everything that can't be encompassed
within a mechanistic grid and framework
of interpretation into the realm of the
spiritual
>> which is in the domain of the Catholic
Church. Right? So then the church gets
to continue to have a monopoly on uh
discourse about anything spiritual and
the common citizen is presented with a
scientific paradigm that's soulc
crushingly nihilistic
so that he will then remain within the
arms of the church
>> and you think that was Decart's mission
>> absolutely to do that yeah he was a
hired Jesuit agent I mean the guy was
literally a stormtrooper
who functioned as a military
intelligence atach to Catholic armies
that were going through Protestant
villages and burning them to the ground
and you know basically engaging in a uh
inquisitory religious war against the
Protestants of France.
>> And this is the guy who we trace our
modern scientific paradigm to. Now, Kant
wasn't, you know, a paid agent of
anybody as far as I can tell, but he
definitely had political motivations,
right? And the thing is, Kant's
political motivations are not something,
you know, antiquarian and, you know,
only relevant to his own epoch. We still
face the same concerns that he did as a
serious thinker grappling with evidence
for the paranormal. So, for example, as
I point out very early on, and you know,
I I've uh come back to this over and
over again in the 14 books that I've
written, but it's right there in
Prometheus and Atlas from the beginning.
If you consider what it would mean for
telepathy, clairvoyance,
telekinesis, or what we call
psychokinesis these days to achieve
mainstream scientific recognition and
for large numbers of people to then
adopt training protocols for these
latent human abilities, right? The way
that we have now a lot of the remote
viewers offering remote viewing
training. Imagine what kinds of social
challenges that faces us with, right? I
mean, if people become adept telepaths
or adept clairvoyants,
there's no such thing as privacy left.
There's no physical privacy left. Anyone
can see you doing whatever you're doing
inside the privacy of your own home.
Anyone can even step into your mind.
like the remote viewers for example who
were tasked to psychically spy on Saddam
Hussein during the first Gulf War, Lin
Buchanan and others, they actually went
into Saddam's mind to the extent that
for example, you know, they they would
get ill when he was ill and so on and so
forth. And um yes,
>> so this is like a horrendous violation
of personal privacy.
And then when you go to psychokinesis,
it's it's even worse, right? So there's
this direct mental influence on living
systems that's been studied in a very
serious way by parasychologists
and uh often what they'll do is they'll
visualize certain um organic systems in
the body with a view to trying to heal
diseases using psychokinesis.
But obviously I mean as the Soviets
figured out in the 1970s when they were
taking mice down in submarines and
trying to stop their hearts, you can use
the same thing to kill somebody. I mean,
you can use it to give somebody a heart
attack or a stroke. And there's
evidence, you know, based on the
testimony of some of our top remote
viewers
that there was a black unit in the
United States that was doing these
things in the 1970s and ' 80s. It was
separate from the remote viewing
programs that were eventually defunded
by Congress.
>> Whoa. As you know, I'm always on the
hunt for things that help me stay sharp,
focused, and full of energy while I'm
diving into life's mysteries and making
this show happen. And I've got to say,
Mudwater has completely transformed my
mornings. Back in the day, I used to
struggle with that post coffee crash.
And let's not even get into the caffeine
jitters. Mud water gave me the smooth,
steady energy I was missing. It's packed
with functional mushrooms like lion's
mane, chaga, and rayi. Plus, turmeric
and cacao all working together to keep
me focused, calm, and grounded.
Honestly, it's like coffee went on a
yoga retreat and came back zen. What I
love most is that it's not just about
replacing coffee. It's a whole new
ritual. It's a simple, nourishing way to
start the day. And I actually look
forward to it every morning. Every
ingredient is USDA certified organic,
vegan, non-GMO, and there's zero sugar.
It's energy that doesn't mess with your
sleep or make you question your life
choices at 3:00 a.m. Ready to make the
switch to cleaner energy? Head to
mudwater.com.
That's mudwt.com
and grab your starter kit today. Right
now, our listeners get an exclusive deal
up to 43% off your entire order, plus
free shipping and a free rechargeable
frother when you use code Jesse. That's
right, up to 43% off with code jesse at
mudwtr.com.
After your purchase, they'll ask you how
you found them. Please show your support
and let them know we sent you. keep your
energy natural and refreshing all year
long with mud water because life's too
short for anything less than clean,
delicious energy. So, there were people
who uh had
basically individuals from within those
programs come to them and try to recruit
them into programs where they weren't
just remote viewing. They were using
psychokinesis against targets of the US
intelligence community. And some people
refused to get involved in that program.
I think other people were successfully
recruited into it like Pat Price. And I
think the reason Pat Price wound up dead
is that he was recruited into that
program and tasked with certain
operations and he wound up having
serious moral reservations to that.
Yeah. It's interesting too because so
Stargate was this, you know, program
originally out of Stanford Research
Institute that you're talking about
which, you know, was the American
Psychic Spy program. it turned into, you
know, had a few other names and few
other agencies oversaw it before it was
sunsetted in 1995.
Um, but I think a lot of people don't
know that actually a lot of original
people who were on that program came
from Sydney Gotautle's technical staff
services. And so that guy, I mean,
Sydney Gotautle's, you know, quote
unquote poisoner and chief is sort of,
you know, the the American Joseph
Mangala, if you will. uh he was doing
everything to confer a tactical
advantage uh on behalf of the US on
pretty much all vectors of spooky
science and would kind of you know lie,
cheat and steal in order to do that. And
I think he ended up dying uh uh with his
wife at a leper colony presumably maybe
to uh you know make amends for his
horrible deeds during his life or
something. But um you know that
connection I think is not super well
known that maybe it wasn't just this you
know may maybe there were deeper black
elements to to this um you know program
>> for sure. And so what Kant means when he
uses the phrase storming heaven
>> is precisely this that
we could wind up in a situation where
due to mainstream scientific recognition
of these latent human abilities which by
the way we share with animals. There's
extensive evidence of that that animals
have much stronger side than most people
do and that probably uh you know on an
evolutionary scale there's an inverse
relationship between the hypertrophy of
technical intellect and the atrophy of
these intuitive instinctual abilities.
So, you know, these latent human
abilities that we share with animals
could be uh retrieved and and trained
and cultivated in a very deliberate way.
And you know, if these phenomena get
mainstream scientific recognition, it's
likely to be the case that many people
will go adopt those training protocols
the way that people train in martial
arts today. The the the way they would
have to be trained up now. So okay this
is a really wild conversation because
assuming sigh is real. So this idea that
there the mind matter thing is not this
you know total divide there's a
connection between mental phenomena and
the physical world uh that changes
everything you know all of a sudden the
pyramid where the bottom is physics then
you go chemistry biology you know
psychology or whatever uh and then
consciousness that gets flipped and
consciousness goes at the bottom and
it's fundamental to to sort of
everything else and so you'd have to
assume if that is the case there are
people walking among us that know that
probably even outside of the context of
these kind of academic institutions
studying this stuff and they're probably
covert training programs going on right
now where maybe people involved in the
in the training only have need to know
or something. They're being trained and
they don't even know they're being
trained for sure. And you know you can
control a small cadre of such people and
if they get out of hand there are ways
of dealing with that. But if it becomes
a large-scale social phenomenon where
people are going and training their
clairvoyance, their telepathic ability,
their telekinetic ability, the way that
people train martial arts these days, we
are going to wind up in a situation like
the Salem witch hunts where you're going
to have I mean, how does a legal system
even begin to deal with lawsuits uh that
so and so hexed me and so and so burned
my house down using telekinesis? I mean,
it will be a nightmare.
>> It's an institutional apocalypse.
Absolutely. Absolutely. And so this is
also one dimension of what we might call
catastrophic disclosure because based on
you know any serious empirical study of
the UFO phenomenon
it's obvious that uh the entities who
are engaging people from out of these
craft are all adept telepaths and they
have already cultivated the psychic
abilities that are latent in us and that
we could also train. And so a disclosure
of what's on the other side of the UFO
phenomenon is also de facto a mainstream
scientific recognition of sigh. I mean,
you're already starting to see this with
people like Jake Barber coming from out
of Lockheed that, you know, they're
using uh basically telepathy and
clairvoyance to summon these craft,
right? Um so, and then, you know,
there's a lot of suggestion that the
guidance system of these crafts involve
a psychoinetic interaction between the
pilots and the airframe and the
propulsion system.
So you have some of these wild stories
about you know how very young people are
being basically
uh you know selected and and uh you know
gathered together from various parts of
the world and brought to these black
facilities so that they can more
effectively pilot these craft right
>> we also know that uh that there are
operations okonis outside the
continental United States where
prospecting for psionic assets takes
place and and they're highly coveted.
And the interesting thing is is I hear
in those programs that um there's
something valuable about the life
experience in third world countries. Uh
in that it seems as though people that
live a simpler life and are outdoors
more and have less contaminants in their
food and their drugs and in their
culture seem to be a little bit better
at disassociating and heightening their
intuition. um and they come willingly
because of the economic imbalance
between where they come from.
>> So, so point being, you're not going to
have UFO disclosure without also having
what I call the spectral revolution or a
scientific revolution that recognizes
the reality of sigh abilities. And I can
unpack what I mean by that spectral
revolution uh if you'd like to go there
and why I think it's not just another
revolution in the history of science
like the capernac revolution or the
Darwinian revolution. Yeah, I I'd love
to get into it. I mean, I my personal
belief is that uh it can't be just
another scientific revolution because
science science requires a priorized
skepticism. I'll uh you know, Francis
Bacon and so uh you can't go into an
experiment saying, you know, I expect
the null hypothesis if you want a result
in the SAI framework, right? So like if
James Randy or you know the modern day
Michael Shurmer like some of these
scientific skeptics show up to one of
these sort of you know psychic
experiments and they have kind of you
know
>> it has an inhibitory effect.
>> It does literally will have a
restraining effect on the actual results
that you might get and so you get into
this sort of air pockets of consensus
reality thing where you have believers
and non-believers and
>> they just don't sort of touch and and
you can't really use the scientific
method because Yeah.
>> Yeah. By the way, that negative side
effect can also be empirically assessed
though because you know people can be
given like Xener card tests and so on
and so forth and if they're extreme
skeptics, they'll do worse than they
could by chance.
>> So you see like the the psychological
resistance manifesting itself. It's sort
of a negative form of sigh, right? In
any case, that's a very good point. So
that's one of the ways in which you know
the conception of science that goes back
to say Francis Bis or Francis Bacon and
the Royal Society would have to be
fundamentally changed. But you know
there's another huge one and that's
what Thomas [__] began to comment on
when he wrote uh the structure of
scientific revolutions in the early 60s
and that's the paradigmatic nature of
science. So what [__] pointed out is
that scientific theories are nested
within larger frameworks of
interpretation
and these frameworks of interpretation
uh establish as axiomatic and
unquestioned. They assume certain hinge
propositions. It's a term that comes
from Ludvik Vickenstein originally.
Hinge propositions meaning every other
statement that's made hinges on certain
unquestioned propositions. And every
scientific paradigm has that
superructure
and scientists
as contrasted with philosophers
scientists never question those
framework assumptions.
So
[__] noted that the basic assumptions of
any uh scientific theory which formed
the paradigm that's the context for that
theory um they have certain basic
definitions of let's say mass and
gravity and so on so forth and these are
different definitions depending on the
paradigm that you're working in. So, uh,
mass and, um, uh, inertia don't mean the
same thing in Newtonian physics as they
do in Einsteinian physics. And this
simplistic, you know, um, elementary
educational textbook notion that uh,
somehow Newtonian physics is
understandable as a subset of like
Einsteinian physics is not the case.
They're not mutually translatable in
that way. And what's more interesting
about Coon's argument in the structure
of scientific revolutions is that he
says that when if you carefully observe
the conditions of a paradigm shift let's
say from the Capernac paradigm to let's
say more sophisticated Newtonian physics
to then Einsteinian relativity the
shifts always involve
political conflict
and it's not the case that the
promulgators of a previous paradigm are
rationally convinced to adopt the new
one. It's that they basically get old
and die out and there's a coup that
takes place inside the scientific
establishment. So he noted that
scientific revolutions are also
political revolutions in a sense.
And here's the thing about a scientific
revolution based on the recognition of
Sai is that because the framing of
paradigms is a psychological phenomenon.
people who think that recognition of ESP
and PK
requires simply a new paradigm with
metaphysical concepts that are uh more
rigorously expressed in certain
scientific equations and formulas are
missing the forest for the trees.
The revolution that recognizes Sai is a
revolution that gives us insight into
the psychological mechanisms that frame
paradigms in the first place.
So understanding that consciousness
really actually sentience on a
subconscious level
is forming physical phenomena as they
emerge from out of uh the quantum
domain. Understanding that intrinsic
co-constitution of physical reality by
consciousness is also to have insight
into the psychological mechanism that
frames paradigms to begin with. So then
you can start to recognize as Martin
Haidiger did that scientific theories
are toolkits.
They are not there to polish a mirror
that provides us with an objective
representation of some reality that's
out there as if our mind is a mirror,
right? And it's representing an
objectively existent reality. No.
Scientific paradigms and the theories
that any given paradigm makes possible
are models. It's a technological
enterprise. So
the epistemic discoveries in science are
derivative of they're an outgrowth of an
essentially technological enterprise. In
other words, a model building uh
endeavor that involves tools that allow
us to achieve different ends. Okay. So
if you think for examp
uh we took a wrong turn with Einstein
and maybe you know the dynamic ether
model that Nicola Tesla was proposing
and that perhaps Townson Brown was
working uh with was the more accurate
model of the cosmos and somehow Einstein
went wrong. No, no, no.
What what we're in need of is a much
more radical insight than that, which is
that if you, let's say, want to travel
at near the speed of light in a
spacecraft, the right model for that is
Einstein.
If you want to create a quantum
signaling system for like instantaneous
communication across vast interstellar
distances, the right model for that is
quantum mechanics. That doesn't mean
that you're ever going to have a meta
theory that reconciles quantum theory
and uh relativity. If you want to
develop a electrogravitic craft
uh you know with a certain kind of um
let's say uh ability to tap 0 point
energy as the basis for propulsion,
you're going to need to work with a
dynamic ether paradigm that Tesla was
starting to develop. These are different
toolkits. They're different models for
achieving different ends. And we have to
give up this idea that uh science is
about develop developing an objective
representation of the world as such as
if that reality capital R is separate
from our own consciousness. So this
brings up a question if uh actually uh
tool making for specific ends and
politics is driving science which is
supposed to be immune from politics much
more than we realize then who is
actually in the driver's seat when it
comes to these sort of scientific
paradigm shifts. Is there somebody
behind Decart Kant you know any of these
sort of mythmaking or worldmaking
figures Newton where like the last 400
years is kind of we we look at reality
based on you know sort of vector
calculus because of Newton lienets you
know yes
>> so who is pumping these ideas through
these architects
>> the religious control system on the
planet
>> and so what is that you know how we're
always diving into the edge of science
and consciousness on this show. Lately,
I've been thinking a lot about aging.
Not just in terms of years, but in how
it actually feels in the body. Slower
recovery, lower energy, that middle-aged
fog that sneaks up on you. I feel like I
can barely go out and drink alcohol
anymore. That's why I started using
something called qualiaenolytic.
And it's been a major shift for me. Let
me explain. As we age, our bodies
accumulate what scientists call
scesscent cells, also known as zombie
cells. These are worn out cells that
stop dividing but don't die. They hang
around in your body, draining your
energy, clogging up your recovery, and
generally making you feel older than you
are. Qualiosenolytic is a
firstofits-kind supplement formulated
with nine plant-based compounds designed
to help your body naturally eliminate
these zombie cells. It's not something
you take every day, just 2 days a month,
but it supports your body in aging
better at the cellular level. Since I've
started taking it, I've felt sharper,
lighter, and like my body's resilience
has come back online. It's vegan,
non-GMO, and grounded in serious
research. Experience the science of
feeling younger. Go to qualia.com/jesse
for up to 50% off your purchase and use
code jessie. Again, that's Jes.
That's qu u a l i a l i f e.com/jessej
ss e for an extra 15% off your purchase.
Thanks so much to Qualia for sponsoring
this episode. So now this is to come
back around to your first question which
I said you know let's not scare the be
Jesus out of the listeners right off the
bat. Right.
>> Yeah. The thing is if you spend, you
know, any serious time looking into the
UFO phenomenon and and by the way, it's
something I've studied for
25 years or something like that. I
touched on it toward the end of
Prometheus and Atlas, which was
published in 2016. It was my
dissertation in 2012 and then was
adapted into a book 2016. And then I
wrote Closer Encounters, my study of the
UFO phenomenon. Closer encounters was
published in 2021.
But it's the outcome of like 20 years of
preceding research.
So anyone who goes into the UFO
phenomenon, you know, with with even,
you know, half of that depth and and and
you know, endurance of research
inevitably realizes that
whether you, you know, you want to work
through what Jacqu Valet's uncovered or
whether, you know, you want to, you
know, at least look at Zachariah
Sitchin's research, the UFO phenomenon
extends through all of recorded human
history and most likely into prehistory.
And it's absolutely inseparable from
both revealed religious systems like
Judeo-Christianity and Islam and also
more archaic uh how could we put it
let's I say archaic polytheistic
ritualistic religions like the religion
of ancient Egypt or you know uh the Vic
religion so on so forth it's very clear
that you know in the Mahabarata and the
Ramayana the dvas and the ash Ashuras or
what in the Greek language we might call
the gods and the titans are exactly the
same beings as you know the uh Elohim
the Elohim in the Bible or the rebel uh
angels the Nephilim in the biblical
context they're the same beings as the
Anunnaki in Sumerian scriptures where
again you have two factions this this
idea that there are two factions runs
through every human religious belief
system on the planet throughout the
course of history
>> you Prometheus is an archetype of this
rebel angel.
>> Absolutely. So, you know, you could
there's a through line from Enki in the
Sumerian myths to Prometheus in the
Greek context to Quzel Quatal in the
Mayan context to uh let's say a leader
of the Asheras in a Hindu context sort
of demigod figure that transgresses uh
on behalf of man against the gods.
>> Exactly. brings forth some sort of
sacred technology to them.
>> Exactly. And in a Judeo-Christian
context, of course, this is Lucifer.
>> Mhm.
>> Okay. So, you know, you have this story
in the Bible about how the serpent uh
offered knowledge to humanity in Eden.
And the reason the humans were kicked
out of the garden uh where by the way
they were workers because you know the
nakedness in antiquity was a sign of
slave labor and we were killers of the
field in Eden for the gods except we
didn't know it. We didn't know we were
naked meaning we didn't know we were
slaves. And this God uh is threatened by
our being given the discernment to
recognize good versus evil because that
would mean we would we'd realize that
our overlord is a bastard who wants to
deny us knowledge. And what uh Adonai
Elohim, the chief of the gods says when
he casts man out of Eden or right before
he does is let us, you know, uh
basically
exile them from the garden before they
also eat of the tree of life and become
like unto us so that nothing becomes
impossible to them. Right? So this is a
god who's jealous and afraid of humans
achieving parody with the gods with the
Elohim. And there's this rebel who's
symbolized by the serpent. Now remember,
uh the serpent is punished by having his
legs removed. And then in the book of
Revelation,
Satan is referred to as that the dragon,
the great dragon, that serpent of old.
In other words,
Lucifer is explicitly identified with
the serpent in Eden. Now, there's all
kinds of people want to argue against
this
because they want to save uh the
Christian narrative in a gnostic sense.
And there are people who try to identify
Jesus himself with Lucifer and so on and
so forth. I used to teach comparative
religion for a few years and so there
are all these nuances but I think the
evidence is there to make the case that
the dragon from the book of revelation
is the serpent in Eden and that's
exactly the same figure as qual
you know represented as a feathered
serpent as a dragon essentially
and that's the faction of Enki uh and
you see the symbol in Egypt too of you
know the serpents with wings coming out
the sides of them with the sun at the
center the symbol of the Shamasu [__]
the followers of Horus. So you have this
through every human culture and the
narrative is essentially this that
we were created as workers or slaves or
servants of some kind of celestial
overlord and we were put into a cast
system, a hierarchy. You know the word
hierarchy literally means holy order.
Hierrosarchy, a hierarchical pyramidal
society of the kind you saw in ancient
Egypt, of the kind that you see in the
varna system, the cast system of India,
of the Hindu religion to this day. And
at some point there was a rebellion
against this structure. I would say the
most compelling version of the narrative
of that rebellion is the one you find in
Plato.
Plato's story about Atlantis.
But people get hung up on the name
Atlantis. If there was such a
civilization, probably, you know, its
denisens didn't refer to it as Atlantis.
Plato uses that term because it
signifies something very powerful.
Atlantis means the realm of Atlas.
>> And as I point out in my book,
Prometheus and Atlas, atlas is a very
powerful metaphor. The idea of Atlas of
someone who has mapped the entire world
and bears the earth on his shoulders,
right? And actually the the globe that
Atlas is bearing on his sho should
shoulders is not a terrestrial map. It's
a star globe which is what mariners used
to navigate the world. Right? And so
it's this idea of uh basically
developing a knowledge of the heavens
and a mastery over the whole earth and
modeling the earth so that we wind up
with let's say medical atlases.
>> The atlas is a term for a model. Right?
So this is integral to the model
building enterprise of technological
science.
>> So the idea of Atlantis archetypally is
the idea of a
demigod society which as Plato says
wanted to empower humans and was
hybridizing itself with the lot of
humanity right and and thereby lifting
up humanity not just psychically and
intellectually but also genetically
lifting up humanity.
Uh it's the idea of using technological
science to um unlock the secrets of the
heavens and achieve parody with the gods
so that you no longer need to be a
surviile worshipper of some kind of
overlord. And this is what Plato tells
us was the great sin of the Atlanteanss
is that they stop sacrificing to the
gods and worshiping them. So that Zeus
basically calls the convocation of the
Olympians and decides to wipe the world
clean in what we more commonly know as
Noah's flood. Right? And so the biblical
story of Noah is exactly the same thing,
especially when you look at, you know,
in Genesis 6, right? There's a whole
part of that story that's clearly been
excised. So in Genesis 6, all of a
sudden, we're told like uh in rapid
succession, oh well, you know, there was
great iniquity on the earth and God
decided to wipe the entire earth clean
and the flood. Wait a minute here. And
the sons of the Elohim came down. They
found the daughters of man fair and
they, you know, interbred with them and
so on and so forth and the earth was
full of iniquity.
Seriously, in two paragraphs, you're
going to tell us that God regretted the
entire creation and wiped the whole
world world clean, right? There's a
backstory here. And you find the
backstory preserved in the book of
Enoch, which was first discovered in
Ethiopia. And he clearly was at one
point part of the Tanakh and was excised
you know due to whatever you know kind
of uh you know theological
power game that whoever was playing
>> confident that it was part of the
original
>> for sure because the story makes no
sense without it
>> and what you see in the book of Enoch is
a direct heybreak parallel to what you
see in Plato's account of Atlantis. And
then you know other cultures have their
own versions of that. The Mayans do too.
Well, in Enoch it's the Watchers or
whatever. And so, okay, how does all of
this connect to the UFO story? Because
you hear, I don't know, like for
example, Diana Pulka came on my podcast
and she said, you know, Jacqu Valet is
very interested in the devil and demons
and fallen angels.
>> I'm having lunch with Jacques Valet. So,
we're in his study and it's really
amazingly beautiful here in the Bay
Area. Um and he starts to um explain a
couple of things to me and I notice a
bunch of books on shelves and I notice
those things, right?
>> Yeah.
>> So I go and I start to look to see what
he has on this one shelf and then he
takes one of the books off and it was uh
a book about angels and he says, "Of
course you can't have one without the
other, right?" Because he picked up
another book and he said, "You need to
read this book." And whenever he says
that to me, of course I'm going to get
the book and read it. But this one was
weird. So he showed it to me and it was
the history of Satan. It was it just had
these big words on it that says Satan.
And again, if I wasn't a little bit
concerned before, I was absolutely
concerned at that point. I was like,
>> you know, Jacqu delay is handing me this
book that says Satan on it. And so he he
uh he said, "Look at the pageionation."
So I, you know, looked at the
pageionation. It was 666.
>> Whoa.
>> Yeah. I thought that was so, you know,
of course.
>> Wow.
>> It was a really weird moment. And he
said that in the states we think of the
we think of Satan or the devil as really
really terrible, right? But you know he
said that the French they have a
different view of it and it's a much
it's less sensationalist. That's what he
was saying.
>> So what does all of this have to do with
the modern kind of UFO topic?
>> You know I knew Jacqu Valet
>> uh for a while and um
>> I spoke to him this morning actually.
Yeah. So after I think it was six six,
seven within 9 months of the time
Prometheus and Atlas came out.
>> Mhm.
>> He had invited me to his home and we had
a nice dinner and and a fairly intimate
conversation and I brought this question
up with him and because we were
discussing basically and we'll come
around to this time travel.
>> Mhm. And whether, you know, he believed
that
these were basically humans that were uh
reaching back into our epoch from the
future and that essentially, you know,
there was a breakaway civilization
that um had developed a hyperdimensional
relationship to the various spaceimes of
the epochs of human history. that a a
breakaway civilization with time travel
essentially was able to have a
fifthdimensional relationship with the
various 4D spaceimes of different human
historical epochs, right? And I
basically said to him, well,
>> some sort of multiverse management
system. Yes. And I think branch
management system
>> and I think that's definitely part of
what's going on, right? So, how I start
my book, Closer Encounters, is I lay out
all the different hypotheses. of course
the ETH the extraterrestrial hypothesis
and then you know time travel
interdimensional hypothesis uh the
psychic projections hypothesis
um cryptoaterrestrial meaning survivors
of Atlantis which we're touching on here
uh and um ultimately also avatars of a
similacrim are we living in a similacrim
are these in some sense avatars uh from
the programming level of the simulacum
which is something that valet as a
computer scientist also has intimated in
various writings of his. So, but the
point is this that you know we were
discussing this you know
hyperdimensional
extra temporal uh relationship that
these entities have to humans in various
historical epochs and I said to him if
this is what you think why don't you why
aren't you more direct about expressing
that and he said because it involves um
deeply entrenched religious
sensibilities of various societies and
there's a sociological dimension to this
that could be catastrophic in terms of
religious belief system.
>> Well, you're skipping over one part,
which is what does he think? What is the
relationship between, you know, the
devil, demonic, and and and UFOs and and
all this stuff. Uh, I didn't pin him
down on that, so I don't want to speak
for him. But I suspect
>> that what a lot of people are concerned
about, including people in the deep
state of our own government,
>> first and foremost,
>> uh, is that
the the bad guys won in the struggle
over reshaping human history.
We wound up losing a rebellion against a
control system that abides to this day
>> and the meta narratives that have
dominated the rise and fall of various
societies throughout the course of
history including for example the
destruction of the secular humanistic
culture of the late Roman Empire you
know uh the library of Alexandria
libraries of Corinth the entire you know
that um I'm getting this figure from
Carl Sean We lost 98% of the knowledge
of classical antiquity. They they have
actually done studies based on like the
references that we do have to other
texts by various authors in the
classical manuscripts that have survived
and they've been able to do a
reconstruction that shows that we lost
at least 98% of the knowledge of
classical antiquity. Well, who does that
benefit? Let's talk about a guilt-free
alternative to alcohol that's perfect
for your dry January or anytime you want
to unwind. Cornbread's organic CBD
gummies. These gummies are an absolute
lifesaver for my evening routine.
They're a natural way to relax,
celebrate, or wind down without the
hangover. I've cut back a lot on my
alcohol consumption over the last few
years. For a lot of you, trying out Dry
January or cutting back generally, it's
not always easy, but swapping that glass
of wine for cornbread CBD gummies is a
total gamecher. It's a simple upgrade to
your evening routine that leaves you
feeling great the next day without
sacrificing the fun. Plus, with all
natural ingredients, they're the perfect
way to stay balanced. Cornbread hemp
isn't just a product. It's a small way
to bring balance into your life. Whether
you're journaling, meditating, or simply
enjoying some downtime, these gummies
elevate the experience without any of
the guilt. It's like having a moment of
calm in your pocket, ready whenever you
need it. Alcohol doesn't have to be the
default anymore. Whether you're cutting
back for dry January or just looking for
a healthier way to relax, you've got to
try Cornbread CBD gummies right now.
American Alchemy listeners can save 30%
on their first order. Just head to
cornbreadhemp.com/jesse
and use code jesse at checkout. Again,
that's cornbread.com/jesse
code jesse. Cornbread hemp. This is the
good life. Who benefits through all
these resets of human societies? Another
horrendous one.
>> Yeah, that's really interesting. Islamic
conquest of Iran.
>> Mhm.
>> At least as bad as the Judeo-Christian
takeover of the Roman Empire.
>> Yeah. So, and you have all this kind of
forbidden archaeology where you see like
precocious advancements in past
civilizations that shouldn't really
exist whether it's like a Sumerian model
of the heliocentric universe or the
antic theorem mechanism which is this
you know kind of um ancient uh you know
kind of almost like a astronomically
aligned computer system um that that is
found on this you know shipwreck uh in
the Aian Sea. You have you have a bunch
of examples of this.
>> Yes. So on the one hand you have what
look like gifts
>> gifts from Prometheus
>> to speak archetypally.
>> Mhm.
>> And on the other hand you have attempts
to decimate human knowledge and engineer
regression and retardation to basically
you know uh reverse human progress. And
one of the most interesting episodes,
>> who would that benefit the sort of this
sort of, you know,
>> well, whoever's running the control
system,
>> Malthusian, you know, and famine sort of
cyclical, you know, cataclysm thing that
that would benefit who's whoever's
running the control.
>> Exactly. Do
>> you have a model of who that is or
>> Yeah, I do.
>> Who is it?
>> I do. So, okay, the devil's in the
details or or maybe we should invert the
the religious symbolism there, right? Um
but let me just uh point to to one
interesting example of this. You know,
right before the Renaissance took place,
I mean Renaissance is obviously an
example of a
well a a rebirth of the will to know and
human cultivation both artistically and
scientifically, right? I mean,
Prometheus
uh didn't just bring science to
humanity. Prometheus brought techn both
in the sense of the arts and the
sciences. And so the Renaissance is a
quintessentially Prometheian phenomenon.
>> It's interesting that immediately before
the Renaissance,
you have these huge UFO battles over
various European cities and they're
reflected in the broad sheets of the
time, the newspapers of the time
>> in Basil, Switzerland, in Nuremberg and
Germany. They show these huge battles
between objects in the sky. Really? And
yeah, and some of them I mean you can,
you know, the P valet reprinted them in
wonders in the sky. There a number of
texts on the UFO phenomenon. These are
newspapers that show huge triangular
craft, spheres of various colors,
attacking each other, some of them
falling from out of the sky in battles
that took place in several places uh
over central Europe. This is like 15th
century or
>> just before the Renaissance. 1400s.
>> 1400.
>> Yeah. So just before the So to me that
looks like the rebel faction
>> Mhm.
>> gaining ground and opening up a space
for humanity to progress again for a
while. Right
now there was also uh
>> interesting. So you think that like
these celestial battles take place right
before there's some airdropping of human
technology or something?
Look, I don't want to reduce human
agency, you know, um, by by calling it
an airdropping, but I wouldn't be
surprised if there was a little help,
right? But at the very least,
>> Valle would say donations.
>> Yeah. And at the very least, there was a
a safeguarding of a space for human
development and, you know, the rebirth
of ingenuity and so forth. But then you
know uh as I was mentioning earlier
let's say the Jesuit order tried to
capture that and control it again
through you know u a frontman like
Decart where you had somebody like
Gordono Bruno developing a very holistic
sort of you know how can I put it
hermetic uh alchemical
matrix for what could have been a very
different form of modern science and
that was destroyed through the reductive
dualistic uh model of Daycart right with
where everything in the physical world
can only be understood in terms of
mechanistic causality and then whatever
spiritual can't be discussed rationally
and therefore uh you know the church
continues to have a monopoly over that
discourse. So there were attempts to
then basically suffocate the Renaissance
and warp the the energies of the
Renaissance to have it miscarry into
what became uh materialistic
reductionistic modern science. Yeah, you
have this great book um by I think
Francis Yates, the Rosacrruian
Enlightenment. She talks about King
Frederick sort of housing a lot of these
heretical thinkers, John D.
>> Um Edward Kelly
>> um and I think Gordon O'Brien as well.
Uh and then uh there's this war and I
think Decart fights on the other side of
the war. Right. Exactly.
>> Which is really interesting. And so, you
know, it's almost symbolic that uh you
have this kind of, you know, fighter in
the world of of reason actually engaging
in this battle against the literal
people housing or providing safe haven
to some of these more heretical thinkers
who are claiming to commune directly
with angels and that sort of thing.
>> That's right. And you know, the
Renaissance was supposed to take place
in the 1300s.
>> If you look at
>> Wait, what does that mean?
>> Well,
>> they missed their programming. Uh if you
look at you know the the trajectory of
cultural development in the so-called
middle ages right
>> you start to see the development ofmies
and the rudiments of um empirical
investigations into nature in the late
1200s
and you know people like Paracelus and
Cornelius Agrippa and the great
alchemists come from out of this out of
this cultural development.
This is where the FA story comes from,
right? The the legend of Dr. Fostus.
It's that period in the late 1200s,
early 1300s.
And then what happened? The black
plague.
>> When you look at accounts of what
actually went on during the black
plague, and here, you know, the work of
William Bramley is absolutely
indispensable. He wrote this this book,
uh, the gods of Eden. And as far as I
can tell, Bramley had like he wrote this
masterful text and then he never went
back to the UFO phenomena. So he's the
furthest thing from a grifter like who
just wanted to write one book after
another about this stuff, right? No, he
he settled it and that was it. You know,
he had what he he said what he had to
say.
>> So Braramley started out as a very
conventional researcher trying to
understand uh war profiteering. M
>> he he wanted to understand you know who
was behind engineering all these wars
throughout history and whether like
there was some systematic way in which
profiteering was taking place through
large scale engineered human suffering
and he was thinking okay like bankers
and like banking elites and and [__]
like that right
>> yeah yeah
>> and he finds UFOs
>> how does he how does he connect that
that's fascinating
>> so he goes in detail through like uh you
know archival material that's left from
various historical epochs including in
this case the Middle Ages
>> and he notices that at the time the
black plague breaks out, there are many
UFO sightings. There are sightings of
objects that land in fields.
>> Mhm.
>> It was so prominent that hysteria broke
out about it in the French court and
Charlemagne was considering declaring
war on the tyrants of the air.
>> During the reign of Charlemagne, there
were many accounts of encounters with
tyrants of the air and their aerial
ships. These accounts so concern
Charlamagne that those reporting such
strange phenomena were subject to
torture and death. Here is one recorded
event given between the 8th and 9th
century in France.
One day among other instances it chanced
at Leon that three men and a woman were
seen descending from these aerial ships.
The entire city gathered about them
saying that they were magicians sent by
Charlemagne's enemy to destroy the
French harvest. In vain, the four
innocents sought to vindicate
themselves, saying that they were their
own country folks and had been carried
away a short time since by miraculous
men who had shown them unheard of
marbles. Luckily, the bishop of Leon
pronounced the incident as false, saying
it was not true these men had fallen
from the sky, and what the town folks
said they had seen there was impossible.
The people believed what their good
bishop said rather than their own eyes,
and instead of liberty the four
ambassadors from the ship. And this is
where the whole Monagonia thing that
Valet talks about. This is that period
where you know you had these people
supposedly coming from Mononia and some
of them were arrested and then this
bishop Agabard who was like a
protorationalist came up with the
justification for why this couldn't
possibly be real. So these guys got let
go and they went back to their airships
or whatever the hell. But here's the
really creepy part about this research
that Bramley did is that he found that
the plague broke out only after these
people would land in the fields, come
out of these objects, land in and they
would go around with these hoods on and
these spray cans that became the basis
for the scythe and the grim reaper
image. They were shrouded and they had
these things, okay, from out of which
stuff would spray and it became the
image of the scythe and the iconography
of the grim reaper. And not only were
they spraying the fields, they would
sometimes walk through towns and people
would be terrified and go into their
homes and these guys would walk and
deliver door-to-door service, spraying
the doors of individual homes where then
the plague would break out shortly
thereafter. Okay, so it was biological
warfare.
And you know what the result of that
was? A mass retreat back into religious
fundamentalism.
We were about to have the Renaissance in
the late 1200s, early 1300s
and then all of a sudden this black
plague comes. People are terrified. It
decimates population of Europe. So it
also reduces the industrial work base
for a scientific industrial revolution
and worst of all it causes people to
retreat back into regressive religious
belief system. So what's Bramley's
conclusion as to what the connection is
between UFOs and war prophetering?
>> He thinks that basically these uh you
know uh plague promulgators
>> Mhm. are um representing the same
faction that was lording over humanity
in the Sumerian epoch through you know
the the name of Enki or whatever you
know the the Anunnaki aligned with Enki
or the Elohim in the you know Old
Testament uh or the Davas you know to
put it in Hindu terms Richard Thompson
you know he's the guy who co-authored
forbidden archaeology with Michael Kremo
Richard Thompson
has written a great uh UFO
uh book like looking very carefully at
Hindu scriptures such as Ramayana and
Mahabarata. I think it's called alien
identities. Now granted he's coming from
out of a Hari Krishna tradition and so
he has his own religious commitments and
so forth but you can filter that out and
just look at the empirical analysis and
it's very clear from Thompson's analysis
in that book that you know the davas who
are worshiped by I don't know a billion
Hindus or something are these entities.
So,
you know, we're we're in a very
unfortunate position, right? If in fact
we're inside of a control system
governed by people who want us to remain
subordinates
and are doing everything that they can
so that we don't achieve par with them.
Now obviously this has tremendous
implications in terms of any so-called
disclosure
because UFO disclosure
in the context of the you know modern
you know industrial or whatever you want
to say post-industrial you know economy
that we have today would mean our
rapidly achieving technological parody
with these people
and and by the way we'll come back to
this but this whole NHI discourse really
bothers me
>> well who are these people
>> yeah exactly Exactly. Who are these
people?
>> So the So the NHI is like a scop against
the the idea that there's actually just
a strata of people.
>> I think this is what's so deeply
disturbing to most researchers and it's
the deepest secret that's being covered
up by various governments in the world.
It's easier for
the average, you know, person to imagine
even a hostile threat emerging from deep
space that has nothing like a human face
because you can, you know,
compartmentalize it. It's like, you
know, the War of the Worlds or whatever,
right? But the idea that what's really
going on here is that there's a Hegelian
master slave dialectic at work in human
history and that the masters in that
dialectic have so raised themselves
above the common lot of humanity that
they appear as angels or celestial
beings or whatever. um and that they
they've used that mask in order to keep
us inside regressive belief systems and
to uh render us useful to them. So,
okay, we we have to look at the details
of various cases if we want to get at
who these people are, right? And and how
their society came about and how this
power structure was developed in the
first place.
>> Humans with sigh abilities or are they
beings from elsewhere or what? Who are
they?
So let let's briefly again you know
you've done like plethora of interviews
going into specific cases so we don't
want to get too bogged down you know in
the nitty-gritty of cases here but it's
important to refer to a few empirical
cases here. So Ingos Swan
>> Mhm.
>> in the 1970s
into the 1980s
uh did remote viewings of both the moon
and of Mars. Mhm.
>> In the 1970s, he was taken from out of
the SRRI program, the SRI program that
eventually became Stargate and Grill
Flame and whatever. He was taken from
out of that into some other black unit,
which you know, he never learned what
the name of it was. Some guy who he
calls who identified himself as Axel
Rod, took him like blindfolded by
helicopter into some facility and he was
asked to remote view this target, of
course, which he was blind to. It turned
out that the target was the moon.
And now bear in mind just you know that
at this point we had detailed satellite
reconnaissance photography of the moon.
Uh an important case in this regard is
um the testimony of Carl Wolf. Carl Wolf
had test. He was a a photographic uh
repair expert and at that time sergeant
in the early 1960s leading up to the
Apollo missions. And at one point he was
brought to what he thought was an NSA
facility cuz he didn't um sorry he
thought was a NASA facility cuz he'd
never heard of the NSA. A lot of
Americans hadn't. It turned out it was
an NSA facility that was processing
lunar orbiter reconnaissance photos. And
Carl Wolf, long story short, he says he
in the course of repairing this machine
was shown
photographs, mosaic photographs of a
huge megalithic city on the dark side of
the moon. That there was a city with
largely polygonal architecture, titanic
scale structures, but they weren't made
of metal and glass. They were made of
something that, you know, to him looked
like poured stone, like concrete or
something.
and and in fact they reminded him of you
know megalithic architecture on the
earth.
Now back to Engle Swan. So point being
if Carl Wolf saw mosaic photographs in
the 1960s
Swan in the 70s is being tasked to
remote view the moon by people who have
access to these photographs. So I'm
thinking they want him
>> died a mysterious death after he
>> Exactly. So, by the way, Carl Wolf, and
this is horrible. These, you know, so I
mean, what what are we discussing?
Disclosure and how disclosure could be
manipulated. Well, just before this wave
of so-called disclosure began in 2017,
2018, poor Carl Wolf was run over just
the way John Mack was run over, you
know, and I hardly think it's a
coincidence because he would definitely
have been one of the people subpoenaed
to testify. And what Carl Wolf had to
say is something that no, you know,
whoever's gatekeeping this whole
disclosure business does not want out
there in the public. In any case,
>> Ingo Swan in the 1970s when he was
remote viewing what was on the moon
was dealing with people who had access
to these photographs. And I think what
they wanted was for him to snoop around
on the ground as it were, get a ground's
eye view of this city on the dark side
of the moon. And here's what he saw
there. He saw
tall Nordic people, statuesque Nordic
people who gave him a look like, "You
don't belong here. Get the [__] out of
here and don't come back." And he saw
these same people lording over basically
armies of slave laborers who he said
were naked
and meaning that they're probably under
some kind of a dome that we can't see,
transparent dome or something. And they
were living in these like ramshackle
like makeshift shelters under appalling
conditions conducting slave labor on the
moon.
Swan also re remote viewed Mars in the
early8s and he said these same people
who he had seen on the moon were
responsible for a civilization uh the
ruins of which he viewed on Mars. There
were very large like honeycombed cities
which he said showed evidence of
explosions, internal explosions like you
know he said he had the impression that
a battle had taken place there. Well,
it's funny you say that. There's a PhD
physics who's uh I think he worked at uh
uh Sandia or Los Alamos and also
Lawrence Liverour. whose name is John
Brandenburgg and he says that uh xenon
129 and argon 40 ex exist in excess of
what you would ever expect just from
natural radioactive isotope decay and
that proves that there was actually some
nuclear holocaust on Mars. Well, they
found a large amount of xenon 129 which
is the product of two things uh
supernova explosions and hydrogen bomb
explosions.
And we know there was no supernova on
Mars. If there was, that there wouldn't
be a solar system here.
>> And you said there was one other argon.
>> There was a also there's a when you
irdiate rocks that have potassium in
them, and all rocks do. Uh they produce
a isotope uh called argon 40, and that's
super abundant on Mars. So you have two
things that are products of what look
like an intense nuclear reaction on Mars
in the atmosphere.
>> Yeah. I spent several days with Dr.
Brandenburgg in New Mexico and I I put
this in Closer Encounters this research
of of uh Dr. Dr. Brandenburgg that
basically the the deviation from normal
of the isizotopic ratio of xenon 129 in
Sidonia specifically where we have
photographic evidence of ruins on Mars.
The xenon 129 isotopic signature at
Sedonia he has discovered um is only
matched by thermonuclear test sites on
the earth. It's the only other place in
the solar system where we see that kind
of signature. And he came to that
conclusion when he was working at Sandia
Labs, which is where, you know, nuclear
weapons research takes place in the
United States. Okay. So, there's
evidence that some kind of a nuclear
confrontation took place on. And by the
way,
>> and Carl Sean called him and said, "Uh,
hey, John, why are you why are you uh
you know, causing so much trouble?"
>> Yeah.
>> I found that very interesting. Carl
Sean, who held definitely security
clearances and knew more than
>> I'm I'm pretty convinced Sean was a
member of Majestic.
>> That would make sense to me. Yeah.
>> Yeah. because he sort of flipped to anti
he was very interested in UFOs we know
earnestly interested growing up his
mentor he would have debates you know
>> the book he wrote was Schlowski the
Soviet scientist he co-wrote intelligent
life in the universe and Sean himself at
that point was saying you know we should
look at ancient myths and check the
archeological and historical record for
contact and so on so forth
>> there you go
>> and then all of a sudden
>> and he had a security clearance I think
project um was it A119 I think in the uh
late 50s
where they were considering nuking the
moon as a show of force against the
Soviets. And he had a security clearance
through the air force through that. And
then it was interesting he sort of
flipped into anti-UFO mode and like
almost official priestly citadel
spokesman of the American scientific
community uh right as J. Allen Heinik
moved from you know rationalizing
explaining everything away via project
blue book the official Air Force fake
program into more openness. Um so like
it was like kind of late 60s early 70s
it's kind of this interesting kind of
you know thing
>> and he was the right age by that point
to be recruited into such an
organization you know
>> in any case Brandenburgg uh came to the
conclusion that something like an empire
states an empire state building's worth
of nuclear weapons had been detonated uh
to produce that kind of a deviation of
xenon 129 isotope at sedonia but um so
swan saw evidence of this on the ground
okay like a devast stated civilization
and he said it was the same people who
he saw on the moon as basically slave
drivers. Now, unbeknownst to Swan,
and by the way, when Swan remoteviewed
Mars, he worked with a team of, I
believe, five other remote viewers, and
they were all, you know, they they did
it independently, right? And they were
all blind to the target. But unbeknownst
to that whole team led by Ingo Swan, in
1984, I think it was the same year, in
1984, Joe McMagal at the Monroe
Institute did a remote viewing of Mars
for the CIA.
>> And we
>> I thought it was in the 90s.
>> No, 1984.
>> 1984.
>> Yeah. Go uh look it up. The paper's
available now. It's been declassified.
You can read the whole report.
>> Yeah.
>> It's been declassified by the CIA.
>> And it's 1984. I believe the title is
Mars 1 million BC.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> And cuz initially they say to him, go to
Mars like 1 million BC. That's what's in
the envelope, right? But what he said to
them was when McMongle wound up there,
he said, "Oh, it's all in ruins. It's
it's there were people once here. I see
like ghosts of people who once were but
they're not here anymore.
>> They saw people were 12 to 14 ft tall.
>> So then they Yes.
>> Yes. Yes. So they said to him, "Okay,
well if it's devastated and the people
aren't around anymore, go back to when
they were around." Now he never reports
on how far back that was. He just goes
mentally to when they were still had a
civilization.
>> So they go back to 1 million and there
was some recent ruin. Then he goes back
further. These are people. I don't know.
Okay.
>> These people are the same again as Swan
saw. very tall sort of Nordic people,
very broad shouldered people, not an
ounce of body fat. They have they're
wearing these skintight clothes, you
know, that reveal every contour of every
muscle. And he says some very
interesting things about their
worldview, their outlook, uh, and their
dying civilization. But what's most
interesting is this.
He says that
a group of them were sent out in a craft
to go scout out a new world that they
could possibly develop as a habitation
for themselves because Mars was no
longer a planet on which they could
survive, right? And this scout ship runs
into a planet where there are constant
electrical storms. There's a tremendous
amount of volcanic activity. Uh, it's
the opposite of Mars, but in a way
that's also difficult to support human
life. In other words, it's overgrown
with vegetation, right? It's an
incredibly volatile
but living planet.
And they they're like, "We can't live in
this planet under these conditions. We
would have to modify this planet to live
there."
>> And so I suspect that what's going on
there is the scouting out of a
primordial Earth by people from Mars.
Which then brings us to the question of
the moon, you know, and what the moon
is, right? I mean, so we've got Carl
Wolf telling us there's a city on the
dark side of the moon. We've got Ingo
Swan having done remote viewing that
confirms that. But I think that the
situation with the moon is is actually a
lot more disturbing than there simply
being, you know, a city-sized alien base
on the back side of the alien, whatever
base on the back side of the moon.
You look at the the geometry and the
mathematics of of the moon in relation
to the earth and the sun, it makes no
sense. The the moon is 1/400th the
distance between the earth and the sun
and it's 1/400th the size of the sun.
And so that creates these perfect
eclipses that we see, right? That by
itself is very odd. And then you look at
the fact that the craters on the moon
are all only a few miles deep. You never
find a crater on the moon that's more
than five or six miles deep. But some of
these craters are like 186 miles wide,
right? So, and at the, you know, the
base of the largest craters, you see a
convex surface. In other words, it looks
nothing like the Grand Canyon or the Val
Marinys and Mars where like, you know,
an asteroid would hit it and you'd see a
deep gouge that should be proportionally
as deep as it is wide. No, what you're
seeing apparently is a hard shell that's
being revealed through the impact
against the regalith by whatever object.
The ejecta is going 186 miles out in
every direction, but
there's never a a crater deeper than a
few miles. And what's being revealed
there at the crater base is a hard
convex surface. Then there's the impact.
Uh well, one of them was a test, one of
them was accidental. The first one, um I
think part of an Apollo lander hit the
moon and there was a seismograph that
had already been positioned there and it
registered basically the seismic
signature that you would uh face if you
were measuring a a hollow object. that
basically um the the reverberations went
down for about 20 miles and then they
stopped and the way that the
reverberation was distributed throughout
the moon suggested that as the the
observers, you know, put it, it rang
like a bell. And so then they repeated
this test deliberately a second time. I
think it was an Apollo 13. And this time
they hit it with with a more significant
impact. And this kind of uh seismic
signature was observed for 3 hours. the
moon basically ringing like a a hollow
object for 3 hours.
So there's all this evidence that the
moon is an artificial satellite. And
setting this in the context of Joe
McMongle's remote viewing of Mars, what
I argue in closer encounters
is that the people on Mars
probably constructed the moon for two
purposes. one as a very largecale
transport of a of a significant
population from Mars to the orbit of the
earth and two as a terraforming device
to radically alter the ecological
uh situation of the planet uh so as to
make it habitable for humans. Right?
They said there were these horrendous
constant electrical storms and volcanic
eruptions and so on and so forth. Well,
you know, the Earth spun a lot faster
before the if the moon had not been in
orbit at some point, we would have been
dealing with a planet that was a lot
more unstable, spinning much faster, um,
prone to toppling over. The moon acts as
a tremendous stabilizer for the Earth.
By the way, that's another thing about
the moon is that it has a unusually
stable orbit as compared to the moons
around other planets, as if there's a
stabilizer inside of it. So, I think it
was created to transport a large
population and and it was used as a
terraforming device. Now, to answer your
deeper question,
what does that say about who these
people are, right? Uh, number one, it
says that they're people. So, NHI is not
an appropriate appellation for these
individuals, right? They look like us
particularly. They look Nordic
>> and um they appear to have been the
progenitors of the human race. Not only
that, they appear to have terraformed
the Earth to make it habitable for
humanoids.
>> But I have one huge problem with all
that,
>> the time scales. M
it makes no sense whatsoever to me that
you would have people who look like us,
I don't know, millions of years BC on
Mars.
>> The same people
are uh basically, you know, I don't
know, involved in the power struggle
that's been remembered as the myth of
the Atlantan revolt.
>> Mhm. The same people are being
encountered today by let's say Travis
Walton when Walton was abducted.
First he had to deal with these grays
these little robotic entities that you
know tried to put him back together
after he you know sustained some kind of
physical damage being thrown by the you
know electrogravitic repulsion of the
craft. But then he, you know, big
strapping fellow that he was, he broke
free of the control of these robots and
the medical facility or whatever, went
down the hallway and he bumped into
these Nordics and from there on he was
handled by these people. He said they
looked like they could all have been
members of the same family.
>> I went into another room where there was
a chair. There was some kind of a
projection or some kind of a viewing
thing in this room where you could see a
map of the stars. A man came in while I
was trying to find a way out there. And
this was a a humanlooking person.
They had passed in a crowd. This
individual and on Earth, he was bigger
than me, taller and more muscular, very
large individual. I went up and uh tried
to talk to this guy and u he didn't
answer me. He led me outside of this
craft that I was in, which was
apparently parked inside of a large room
or a building or a larger craft and led
me out of this room into another room
where some other beings like himself
um put me unconscious.
When I regained consciousness,
I found myself laying on the roadway
that I saw a craft hovering there that
just sat there for a second and just
shot straight up.
That's the last I've seen of.
>> And then you have cases like uh you know
um Betty Andreas and Luca
>> where again you have uh her taken she's
frozen together with her family by grays
who come into the house. This is 19
1960s housewife and
her and her daughter Becky, I believe,
uh were both taken
and
initially they're handled by the grays
who frees the, you know, the family and
and abduct them from the home. But then
they are brought to a place where they
encounter these uh angelic looking
Nordic beings who proceed to tell Betty
that essentially they're the angels and
that the little grays are responsible
for writing down all the deeds of
humans. They're like a a a mass
surveillance system that keeps a record
of everybody's life. And these tall
angelic beings told her that they
brought Christ into the world and don't
worry, they're going to bring him back
again soon. And while she was with them,
and by the way, she didn't say they took
her into space. They seemed to have
taken her somewhere underground or
underwater.
And while she was there, she noticed
this like doorway or large mirror or
something uh that led toward this light.
And some of these little gray entities
went into the light. And they told her,
"You can't go in there. That's the one.
That's the source." And that sent Jesus
into the world and will again soon.
Right?
So a couple of points I want to make
through, you know, these various cases.
One is that we we often hear these
narratives where these, you know, tall
statuesque beautiful Nordics are pitted
against these ugly little uh
transhumanist gray robots. And you know
like the Eisenhower story that you know
Eisenhower met with the Nordics first
and then you know he met with the grays
and the grays made him a better deal
because the Nordics wanted us to get rid
of our nuclear weapons. The gray said no
we'll give you our technology just let
us abduct a certain number of people
each year.
This is extremely dubious to me, this
narrative, because there are plenty of
cases that attest to the fact that the
grays are some kind of a cybernetic
robot that work for these Nordics
and the Nordics appear to be the ones in
control.
So, if there's a narrative that's being
promulgated of, you know, uh, beneficent
Nordics versus like inhuman monstrous
grays, I think it's some kind of good
cop, bad cop, bait and switch that's
being set up here, uh, to ultimately put
us in a position of captivation.
And you first see this uh, in 1950s
Italy. There's a case that I cover in
Closer Encounters. this guy Bruno
Samachichia and his associates
um were engaged by these Nordics who had
underground bases
and they claimed first of all as you see
with all these cases of encounters with
Nordics demonstration of tremendous
liabilities. These Nordics are all
telepathic. They can perform you know uh
impressive telekinetic feats and so on
and so forth. But what uh this Bruno
Samachicia and his associates said is
that these Nordics were so benevolent
like they would never harm a fly. But
they told us that there were these other
entities, the Contrari, the CTR, the
Contrari, who are these little robotic
entities and they're soulless and they
just want to, you know, they want
control over the human soul because they
don't have souls themselves and um
they're locked in a in a millennial
battle with these beings.
So this Nordics versus gray narrative
goes all the way back to the 1950s.
Interestingly, Samachichia
makes a little note that you know at one
point it occurred to me that the SS were
involved in eugenics programs and there
were rumors that after the war these uh
eugenics programs were continued in
secret in underground facilities and so
on so forth. And I wonder whether these
people that we saw and they also saw
very young people fitting this Nordic
type were basically products outcomes of
such programs that had begun in the
Second World War. He engages albeit
briefly in that kind of speculation.
So long story short,
>> my point is that these people
are integral to human history and to the
development of human society. We're not
dealing with something that's coming
from the outside. And I'd be very
suspicious of, you know, claims by,
let's say, uh, you know, George Adamsky
saying that so and so Furkcon told him
that he was from Mars or George Vanassel
saying that he was dealing with
Venusians or Billy Meyer telling us
about the, you know, bene beneficent uh,
Pleadians who were going to come to save
us all, right?
These beings are incredibly deceptive. I
mean, deception is part of their mo.
Jacqu Valet picks up on this in the
context of the fairy folklore of the
Middle Ages. I mean, one very consistent
thing that you see uh in encounters with
the gentry, the the elite fairies in
Britany and in Ireland and so on and so
forth is that the peasants know that
these beings lie all the time. They lie
all the time about everything. And they
only call them the good folk because
otherwise they'll get pissed off and
learn what they'll do to you. So,
uh, I think we're dealing with a faction
of humanity that's positioned itself as
a sort of overlord or master task, um,
above the common herd and they have
adopted all kinds of guises and
disguises to, uh, you know,
strategically deceive us for the sake of
the preservation of their control
system.
>> How do you answer the time scale
question? So you were saying, you know,
if you have millions of years ago these,
you know, beings that looked like us
existed on Mars and then you have, you
know, grays acting as their sort of
robotic little drone emissaries, how
does that necessarily answer this
question of of right, you know, time
scales? So the biggest problem with UFO
disclosure
is that the
0 point energy
electrogravidic
propulsion system
is not just going to give you a craft
that travels from New York to Australia
in an hour, right? It's going to give
you a flying time machine.
So you remember in the 1950s I believe
you've covered the subject before and I
go into it in some depth in closer
encounters there were these newspaper
articles quoting the chairman of Martin
aircraft Lear Convair
saying that the G engines are coming
that we've cracked anti-gravity
and within a few years
uh at a cost comparable to the Manhattan
project we can have industrial scale
development of electrogravitic craft
that will get you from New York to
Australia in an
Here's a problem, though. What they
didn't realize, and I think what was
explained to them when they finally got
the memo, is that these are flying time
machines.
They
mess with the spatio temporal fabric in
a way that causes time dilation and time
displacement.
And I have this also on personal
testimony, which I've told the story
before, but I never revealed who told me
this.
In this case, I will.
>> Okay.
>> Um because man, the guy is old and you
know, if anyone, you know, no, nobody at
this point should should be wanting to
cause him any trouble in his life. Uh
Lynn Buchanan
>> Mhm.
>> in his living room told me a story about
how at one point he was taken to a
locked facility in California,
deep underground facility. He said that
uh it was like a shack on the side of
the road and you went into this shack
and all of a sudden the floor of the
place dropped. The whole thing was an
elevator and it took you down I don't
know how many hundreds of feet through
solid rock and he came out into this
facility where
they had reconstructed FAA style a
collision between an airliner and a UFO
like the way an FAA reconstructs airline
collisions. What do you mean
reconstruct?
>> Uh like like you know when there's been
a plane crash,
>> the FAA will lay out the pieces of the
craft
>> um to emulate the moment of impact.
>> Whoa.
>> And with like little flags and stuff and
>> so like a model of it.
>> No, no. They take the wreckage. They
take the wreckage and they reassemble it
as best they can.
>> So he saw a shattered UFO.
>> Exactly. With a civilian I don't know if
it was civilian airliner. An aircraft. A
human aircraft. But maybe it was a
military one. I don't know. He didn't
say it. Anyway, they had this
reconstruction and the reason they
brought him there is that they were
trying to figure out how this UFO works.
>> Mhm.
>> And there was something about the
guidance system that they couldn't
figure out and he wanted they wanted him
to remote view
>> how this thing was used by the pilots.
Anyway, here's the important thing is
that when he was at this facility, he
says that
they conveyed to him that they were
training pilots to fly UFOs.
I don't know whether the recovered UFOs
or reverse engineered UFOs based on
their design, but they were training
American pilots to fly these UFOs. And
the biggest problem was time
displacement
that these craft would, you know, you
couldn't travel through space with them
without some degree of time
displacement. And that was incredibly
disorienting to the pilots. So they had
developed models for how much time
displacement there would be based on
warping of spaceime by the
electrogravidic drive and they were
trying to teach this to these pilots so
that their brains weren't scrambled by
time travel essentially.
So I have that testimony also to confirm
what I think is already a very sound
theoretical speculation. Michael Masters
goes into this in his book on UFOs and
time travel, which I cite in Closer
Encounters, that the 0 point energy
drive is going to give you a time
machine, not just a propulsion
uh platform.
So why do people look like I don't know
Nordic, you know, uh Olympic swimmers
millions of years BC on Mars? And you
know, how is there such a continuity not
just of the looks of the people, of the
architecture? What McMmonal and Swan saw
on Mars was a style of architecture that
matches the most titanic megalithic
structures on Earth. And that's also the
style in which that city was built on
the dark side of the moon, which you
know Carl Wolf saw the photographs of
which Ingo Swan wandered around, okay,
through astral projection. Why is there
a consistent style of architecture over
millions and millions of years?
Because it's not a linear temporal
continuity. We are dealing with people
who achieved time travel at some point.
That point could be the future looking
at it from a linear perspective. It
could be 2050. It could be, you know,
3100.
At some point, time travel is achieved
by a group of humans. Those humans
appear to be of Nordic phenotype and
genotype. Those people then began to
manipulate the variables of human
history hyperdimensionally.
>> So it's not like they were Martians that
once had a civilization millions of
years ago on Mars and somehow, you know,
they've gone into cryochamber, although
they did report that there were
cryochambers on Mars and that there were
people who had been left there and they
had been waiting to be woken up and
nobody came back for them. McMichle said
that
>> these pyramidal places are like
hibernation chambers. They're trying to
survive until somebody comes to save
them.
>> In any case, uh but I don't think that
that that goes anywhere comes anywhere
close to explaining the temporal
continuity here. I think what we're
seeing is a group of people who have
learned how to drop into different
epochs of human history from out of what
you might loosely call a
fifthdimensional
frame of reference.
Interesting. And so, you know, people
talk about it's me, it's it's
interesting you said Nordics versus
grays. I often hear Nordics versus
reptilians. So, like, are N are the
Nordics the only faction that have some
sort of transtemporal ability to to time
hop or is there some other faction that
also, you know, um has plans for the
Earth?
>> Here's what I uh speculate about the
reptilians in Closer Encounters. Okay.
If you
uh take seriously the possibility that
the moon is a terraforming device and
that the ecological
the biosphere of this planet was
radically reshaped to make it habitable
for humans. Well, that would have
involved also the extinction of the
dinosaurs, right? So the Nordics coming
here from Mars
were responsible for the extinction of
the dinosaurs. Now the Sumerian myths
tell us that when the Anunnaki
engineered a slave race on Earth,
>> they went through several successive
models
>> and the first few were failures.
>> So they they started by engineering
other types of humanoid beings.
>> So you is there Anunnaki in the Sumerian
type? Like cuz there's this debate of
whether you know Zachariah Sitchin was
right about these things. So you you
think there are
>> oh there for sure Anunnaki the debates
are about whether like for example
Sitchin says the word shem means rocket.
>> Okay.
>> And you know it's it means a pillar that
like stands you know it's like debates
over you know to what extent are these
metaphors or are these you know
vocabulary that's being taken out of
content. the Anunnaki in the Sumerian
text are as clearly there as references
to the Olympian gods in Greek
literature, right? And it's very clear
in the in the Sumerian text that, you
know, it's part of the integral myth and
religious belief system of their society
that the Anunnaki created humans as
a a race of beings to serve them.
>> So that that is clearly
>> very clear and and what's more
interesting is that we weren't the first
though.
>> There were a bunch of failed versions
before us.
>> Yeah. And so I speculate in Closer
Encounters, and it's a speculation.
>> Yeah.
>> That well, if they got here at the time,
the dinosaurs were the dominant species
on the earth and they're responsible for
the extinction of the dinosaurs
and yet they needed to create a humanoid
slave race. Why not take dinosaurs and
hybridize them genetically with
themselves
>> instead of having to lord over beings
who are very much like you, which is a
it's a very bad position to be in
psychologically, sociologically, etc.
You know, you do it with a group of
beings that are very physically capable,
but that are not like you. It allows you
to, you know, morally justify yourself,
you know, better than to lord over your
own kind, as it were. So, you know, how
do we know that the reptilians aren't
the product of some Frankenstein's
laboratory that these people
established? You know, the same
Frankenstein's laboratory from out of
which these cybernetic rays emerged. Y
>> right.
>> That's my speculation.
>> It's super interesting. I mean to
somebody on the outside listening to
this
they could call us insane and say like
you know this is all so it's so
speculative and and whatever is going on
feels so weakly entangled with our
reality whether it's the psychic stuff
which we started started off talking
about which I you know fully agree with
you there's a ton of data showing that
there is some weak entanglement between
mind and matter there are are abilities
to for the mind to quote unquote
collapse The wave function is what it
empirically seems to occur in these
random event generator experiments that
occurred at elite universities across
the United States. The Princeton
Engineering and Anomalous Research Lab,
SRRI, all these schools, elite schools
studied this stuff. And none of those
researchers came out saying there wasn't
anything there. Almost all of them came
out saying there was a there there. Um,
and then look, I obviously am very deep
on all the alien UFO lore and so I think
there's a there there too. Both of these
feel very weakly entangled with our
reality. Like the fact that we're even
talking about this on a podcast.
It's like, you know, it feels like it's
been relegated to sort of entertainment.
>> I'll tell you what's not weekly
entangled.
>> Uhhuh.
>> And what's uh very tangible in terms of
uh an existential challenge that we have
to face and this is actually what's of
greatest interest to me. Right. I'm not
a euphologist. I'm a philosopher who's
using the material of euphology for a
certain philosophical purpose and that
has to do with the challenge of the
technological singularity. Right? So in
uh my book Prometheism the way I break
this down is I I had written this book
earlier called world state of emergency.
>> It's one of the concepts that I've
developed which I reformulate in
Prometheism. And in this book
Prometheism I describe this world state
of emergency in terms of the end of
humanity, the end of history and the end
of reality. So the end of humanity means
you know genetic engineering
uh cybernetic integration of
nanotechnological components into the
human body and the human cognitive sens.
It's happening now augmentation of human
cognition by artificial intelligence. So
whether it's crisper genetic engineering
or cybernetic enhancement of humans by
artificial intelligence integration
through neural link and so on and so
forth we are facing a situation where
the boundary conditions of human
existence may be altered right and in
the history of philosophy there were
thinkers like NZ who foresaw such a
moment arriving where
>> you would have an Uber mench or superman
uh did he view that I didn't realize he
saw that as some sort of historical
prognostics.
>> And there are a lot of academics who I
have to say because of cowardice frankly
want to think that you know niche's idea
of the uber mench is just some ethical
exemplar or some kind of a psychological
type.
>> That's the way it was taught to me.
>> Yeah. Because it's become taboo in
academia. That's why. So Nze has a
concept of the higher man and he has a
whole psychology of the higher man as a
human type.
That's different from the uber mench.
The higher man is a precursor or herald
of the future coming of the uber mench.
>> In his uh notes that became compiled
into the will to power, there are
clearly passages where he's talking
about industrial, economic, and
technical development. And that there
will come a time when there's the
potential for the uh evolutionary rise
of a species that would be as different
from contemporary humanity as we are
from apes that a chasm would separate
them from us that's as vast as the chasm
between man and ape.
>> And did he root that in some sort of
technological?
>> Yes, absolutely. He says that the
machinery of technical industry on the
planet
>> will be so integrated and increasingly
autonomous that humans will be forced to
either uh become robots that they will
have to degrade into a subhuman
condition due to lack of will, you know,
lack of any ethos, um not being able to
have any self-directive and principled
uh existence. Those kinds of people are
going to degrade into a subhuman
condition and be insconed and
encompassed by the technical industrial
infrastructure such that they become
part of the kind of robotic uh machinery
of production. And then there's going to
be people who become highly
individuated. They are, as he puts it,
an aristocracy of the soul. Uh artist
tyrants as he put it. um who essentially
you know it's like the ultimate ideal of
the Renaissance man
uh as the point of of of uh you know
inception for a higher species that
ultimately is as different from modern
humans as we are from the apes. So he he
has this notion developed. So it's an
early form of transhumanism that you
see. And anyway, my point is you you
have these convergences of cybernetics
and genetic engineering into a potential
end of humanity. Then in terms of, you
know, development of zero point energy
and what we were talking about earlier
where we might uh gain control over the
space-time matrix itself and be able to
have a hyperdimensional relationship
with various epochs of human history.
Well, there you're dealing with the end
of history in a much more radical sense
than like let's say Hegel projected an
end of history in terms of you know the
the end point of all the dialectical
tensions and you know social
developments that he thought were
progressively uh unfolding the evolution
of consciousness from epoch to epoch. In
a much more radical sense than that,
you're going to have us face what Hegel
called the, you know, dilemma of the
master slave dialectic
where we have to ask ourselves whether
the end of history should be a social
and political situation where there
continues to be a master cast or master
race lording over, you know, vast uh
hordes of slaves and underlings or
whether really the end of history
should, you know, uh, be a moment of of
universal liberation and the
actualization of freedom across all of
humanity, right?
>> Do you think that Hegel had some sort of
worldview involving, you know, these
Nordic beings that control the earth?
Well, the the interesting thing about
Hegel's, isn't there a book called it's
like Hegel and hermeticism or something
and talks about his relationship with
Glenn
>> McGee and yeah, Glenn McGee. Um,
I knew that guy at one point. Anyway, I
won't get into that. But Glenn McGee uh
wrote an excellent book where he through
his reading his book on Hegel and
alchemy, I went back to his source which
is Hegel's book called Philosophy of
Mind.
>> Uh, not to be confused with
phenomenology of spirit which is the
more famous work by Hegel. But Hegel
wrote this book philosophy of mind which
is all about you know the psyche
>> and it has extensive passages on the
paranormal in it which are never taught
in academia. And Hegel has this whole
very interesting theory about how you
know the hypertrophy of the technical
intellect and you know mathematics and
basically
geometry and you know um you know
geometrical and mathematical uh methods
of engineering and so forth atrophied
the kind of instinctual abilities that
we share in common with animals and that
then reemerge in isolated cases in the
form of what we would call psychic
phenomena. He has a very interesting
sort of evolutionary you know
sociological account of sigh
>> throughout human history. So Hegel was
open to these things and he studied
alchemy. Um and then the other a person
who you know formulated an idea of the
end of history of of course Markx you
know and the young Marx was a disciple
of Hegel and Marx is specifically
developing from out of Hegel this idea
of the master slave dialectic and you
know arguing that
although capitalism is potentially uh
the most revolutionary transformative
force in human history
>> it also represents the last form of
alienation and the the last structure of
the master slave dialectic where you
have this master capitalist class that
is then alienated from uh you know the
majority of workers but then also
psychologically alienated from
themselves. The the ma the master cast
under goes a personal psychological
alienation through its affirmation of
this um power structure.
So the question that I raise in closer
encounters philosoph one of the many
philosophical questions I raise in
closer encounters is that is this the
case with these Nordics as well? Do when
when we say Nordics
it feels like you know the the idea that
there is some sort of mythos that is
moving forward Allah something in
control outside of you know lower
humanity that is pushing forward these
scientific frameworks that all makes
sense to me. And then the parasychology
stuff being some sort of you know
necessary
preclusion from all philosophy or even
for a lot of philosophy needs to speak
about it either in Straussian you know
sort of coded ways or it needs to you
know actually stigmatize it and go you
go against it you know all day cart or
whatever that all makes sense to me and
then what I what I personally struggle
with is when we start talking about
different races like Nordics or
reptilians I'm like I it's just clear to
me that like we're not in control of our
general overall episto.
>> That's a very disempowering uh
conclusion to reach.
>> It sucks. But but but when you get into
these specifics, I'm like nor I don't
maybe I don't know.
>> There's a plethora of empirical evidence
for it.
>> Yeah. There's a lot of but but here's
the thing but here's the thing and
here's where it gets deeply
uncomfortable and and this is why you
know
>> like I was saying at the outset of our
conversation there's a defense mechanism
that kicks in. Yeah.
>> Which you can see in certain researchers
where they want to turn the whole thing
into an abstraction. And it's the
Concient thing in itself that's somehow,
you know, interfering in our history in
ways that we'll never really fully
understand
>> because actually the thing that's going
on is so disturbing that we don't want
to look it in the face.
>> So what and what do you think they is it
like the Anunnaki who left the planet
Nibiru or something?
>> So here's where so here's where I was at
the end of history, right? is my
question is
are Hegel and Marx right about the
nature of alienation in terms of power
structures sociologically
>> and does that also apply to these
Nordics? In other words,
if there was some rebellion in Atlantis
or whatever you want to call that
civilization, which Plato recounts in
Tmus and Critus and so forth,
is that an unfinished struggle? And does
some kind of a
social and psychological revolution need
to take place that dismantles this power
structure? And I think that's what
disclosure really hinges on because
until and unless this power structure is
dismantled, we're not going to get any
disclosure. We're going to get a new
form of disinformation that reinforces
the extent power structure. That feels
right. I mean, a great example of this
is Trump takes office. He promises
disclosure, broad disclosure across a
lot of different vectors. JFK, the UFO
disclosure, you know, on various
podcasts. He goes, "We have to do it."
you know, and then um you know, of
course, the Epstein Files was really
this rallying cry of this whole kind of,
you know, uh uh truth seeking MAGA base
and and he brought together this kind of
coalition of former liberals, you know,
um RFK Jr., Tulsi, and it was like we're
going to find the truth on this stuff.
Day one, he removes the security
clearances of a lot of his stated
political enemies, people who are the
architects of Russia gate, saying he's
this, you know, asset of of Putin and
whatever. And it's like it doesn't
matter how you play the game of musical
chairs, but there is some structure,
power structure that exists above the
White House that it's almost like they
have, you know, a full panopticon
ability, the complete 360 surveillance
abilities like like uh they're
mindmelded with the entire elite power
structure or something. And we and we
just can't get any sort of disclosure on
this stuff. It's weird. And it's it's
almost like there's some sort of
undetectable dark matter. You know, when
you have like like Hunter Biden was just
interviewed by this, you know, Channel 5
news guy, this Andrew Caligan, he's
saying, you know, clearly, you know, you
have the all these like elite left. You
have Dersuits going on podcast saying,
you know, it's clear this was some sort
of like, you know, compromat, you know,
gathering thing, you know, and that was
Epstein's lawyer. It's like, why can't
we get any make any sort of progress on
this? Feels like there is something
almost paranormal
on the layer of Epstein. Okay, for sure
there is. Okay, so what's going on? You
wrote a blog post about that.
>> No, I know. But before we go into
Epstein, let's let's leave Epstein as a
as a fi, you know, an attack on note.
>> Okay.
>> Um,
>> yeah,
>> but let me complete this thought about
the end of history.
>> Yeah.
>> So, the third aspect of this world state
of emergency concept that I developed is
the end of reality. Okay. And here's
where there's a very important caveat to
everything I've been saying here where I
could be tremendously misconstrued
especially by people who haven't read me
at all. Uh and that's that I think there
are two sources to what have been you
know lumped together as you know UAP
right unexplained whatever aerial or
anomalous phenomena. There are two
distinct sources of these various
manifestations.
One is this whole Nordic control system
that I've been laying out, but there's
another one that's radically different
and that manifests in terms of
events and experiences that express the
trickster archetype.
>> So, for example, you see this at uh
Skinwalker Ranch
>> where there was this one incident which
I think uh John Alexander wrote about. I
knew him at one point as well. John
Alexander.
>> Oh, how was that like? What's he like?
>> Um, he's a very nice guy. Yeah. I mean,
uh, well, we can we can come back to
that. My issue with him is that
his book about UFOs, he claims that he
never found any group like Majestic and
didn't think that there was a deep state
that was gatekeeping like really
significant knowledge about the
phenomenon. And you know, I discussed
this with Valet as well. The issue there
is ego. It's that he can't believe like
many other people within this system
that they wouldn't have been clear
cleared for such knowledge.
>> But I also hear stories about him where
like he might be representing sort of
the power structure in certain cases.
>> All I can say is I didn't get that from
him when I was there. He had some very
interesting stories. Uh including one
that involved seeing Nordics at a hotel
casino in Las Vegas.
>> Interesting.
>> Yeah. And they got into his mind
telepathically. And you know what he he
what he he heard from them
telepathically.
>> Um one of them said to the other there
was a it was a tall beautiful man and
woman Nordic man and woman. And one of
them said to the other one like do we
need to worry about him? Like is he he
can hear us right? Yeah he can hear us
but he's not important. He's not part of
the program. We don't need to worry
about it. He's nobody
>> basically. So anyway, uh, okay. So, but,
uh, that aside, at Skinwalker Ranch in
this one case that Alexander, you know,
reports on and others have have
recounted the same incident,
>> there was this camera um on, you know,
they have these cameras surveilling the
property to check it. Yeah. So, one
camera is looking at another camera
>> and um, they have a certain frame rate
on these cameras, right? And in the
interval between the frames,
>> yeah,
>> all of a sudden, uh, the other camera
goes out. So, they lo they lose the feed
from from this camera that's being
observed by another camera. But also,
they see that all of a sudden there's no
uh PVC, there's no like uh duct tape
left, and this camera that's no longer
providing footage is like, you know,
damaged and it's no longer being held
together on the pole properly.
Well, the interval in the frame rate of
of the camera that was observing the
damaged camera was something like I
forget, but less than 2 minutes, like a
minute and a half, something like that.
And in that uh time frame, somehow
somebody cut the wires of that camera
and pulled all of the duct tape off the
pole. Okay, imagine what a task this
would be. Big pole, camera at the end of
it, all these wires. You have to cut
them all and then pull all the duct tape
off right in like a minute and a half or
something like that. And mean and and
moreover there were cattle around this
pole and none of them were disturbed by
whatever it is that came and managed
this feat in such a time frame. Okay. So
what does that look like? That looks
like our world is a movie and somebody
cut into the movie uh film and somebody,
you know, cut into the the the film and
like restitched it, right?
And what it suggests is that our world
is a subset of some larger
um some larger domain
>> and that there are people who can
interfere in this world as if it's a
programmed uh construct.
>> Yeah. Like physics is information
theoretic and they have root access to
the code.
>> And now and this is you know my in my
chapter on the end of reality and
prometheism. Now we're reaching that
capability ourselves where we're
starting to understand how to develop
similacra that are potentially
indistinguishable from reality.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> And so
I I think in short that when you look at
certain extremely bizarre cases like
what goes on at Skinwalker Ranch or the
types of high stranges that John Ke
often wrote about the types of men in
black cases that Keel recounts where
clearly they're not government agents.
They're like these strange entities that
materialize and dematerialize and
addicts and things and you know the the
bizarre interactions that they have with
people and the numbers cases. Keel
reports that uh you know when the Silver
Bridge collapsed in Point Pleasant,
Pennsylvania, the you know Moth Man set
of cases where at the end of these
series of Moth Man appearances and
appearances of other cryptids and UFOs
and so forth, there was this
catastrophic bridge collapse around
Christmas and all these people drowned
in the river under this bridge. Uh there
were people who were drowning and all of
a sudden they heard number 3004 number
3,486
number 3,486
wake up wake up and they like came back
to life and were able to save themselves
from being drowned. And Ke reports on
cases where people heard numbers being
spoken at them from out of television
sets and things that make you think of
like the Matrix and Dark City and so on
so forth. Yes.
>> Whereas if like every person has a
number and we're inside some kind of a
construct.
>> Yeah. Or like the first cryptographers
like Trimius 13th century was like
always like cryptography in order to
speak to these sort of angelic beings or
even you know John D. Edward Kelly like
those guys as well.
>> Right.
>> It's always numerology.
>> That's right. And you know John D set up
the British imperial system. I mean the
guy came up with the conception of the
British Navy and basically you know
turned Queen Elizabeth into the founder
of a of a global maritime imperial
system and he was this you know
cryptographic oultist.
>> Mhm. In any case, um we are catching up
in our modern scientific understanding
to uh you know the kind of knowledge
that would be required to engineer a
similacrim or to recode the world in
order to develop a world within a world,
>> right? And you can see this in a set of
people from Claude Shannon who first
develops information theory to Ralph
Landau to ultimately John Archbald
Wheeler. M
>> so the foundations of understanding you
know what data and information transfer
are in a mathematically precise sense
were developed by Shannon. Then uh Ralph
Landau had this very interesting
insight. Ralph Landau Jewish German
physicist he said look everything that
happens in the physical world is bound
by the laws of thermodynamics. And
according to the second law of
thermodynamics,
um, entropy either stays the same or it
increases over time.
In a hard drive, in a computer system,
if you have no data recorded
and it's all like zeros,
then there's more order locally in that
system. Then once you start to have you
know one 0 0 1 1 0 1 0 1 1 the encoding
of data on a hard drive or a magnetic
tape
seems to us like more order because we
attribute meaning to the content of it.
>> Mhm.
>> But as a physical phenomenon it's an
increase of disorder
>> because there's more randomization.
>> Yes. So Landau theorized that if you
delete a hard drive,
you're increasing
entropy. If you delete a hard drive and
restore it to all zero y
>> hard erase,
>> you are decreasing entropy locally.
Therefore, according to the second law
of thermodynamics, you have to pay for
that by increasing entropy outside of
the computer system.
>> Mhm. Because the total amount of entropy
has to either stay the same or it has to
increase. Oh.
>> Oh, that's interesting.
>> You see, so Landau said, "Well, wait a
minute. This means that every time you
erase a hard drive or magnetic tape,
energy should be released."
>> So where would that go?
>> Uhhuh. But here's the thing. One is
where would it go? But it goes out into
the world. But two, what was it before
the hard drive was erased? E= MC.
According to Einstein,
if energy is being released out into the
world when the hard drive is erased,
before the eraser, it was mass inside
the hard drive.
>> Is there a form of mass that's not
electromagnetically detectable?
>> Dark matter. Uh so late 70s we start to
see that
the projected mass of distant galaxies
doesn't match what it appears to be
based on observations of how light is
bent around distant galaxies. So we we
would we would see like you know the
angle at which light is bent around the
galaxy. So you got one galaxy that's
very far away, one that's somewhat
closer.
The light of the galaxy that's very far
away is being bent around the galaxy
that's closer on its way to your
observational instrument. And the angle
at which it's bent can help you infer
the mass of the galaxy, its
gravitational impact on the light. Also
they looked at the spin rates of
galaxies and so so they found that that
it's the light from distant galaxies is
being bent much more severely than it
should be by galaxies that are closer to
us based on what we assumed that the
mass of those galaxies was simply uh you
know according to observation of how
many stars and so on so forth there are
in those galaxies. Mhm.
>> Also they looked at the spin rates of
galaxies and according to you know
Newtonian uh and Einsteinian physics the
uh there should be a differential in the
spin rate of the galaxy where the inside
is spinning much faster than the the
outside.
>> Yeah. The universe would fling apart
without dark matter. Dark matter
justifies gravity's weakness.
>> So in other words they realized that the
spin rate of galaxies were being
flattened by something we couldn't see.
that there's a shell around these
galaxies
that serious effects but not otherwise
electromagnetically observable.
>> Mhm.
>> Okay. So,
could it be that the data inside a hard
drive is this kind of matter that's not
electromagnetically observable? M
>> there's a physicist Melvin Vopson who
working based on uh land hour
>> has theorized that if you could weigh a
hard drive
before and after there's data on it you
would find that after you recorded data
on it there would be a slight increase
in mass.
>> Whoa. Interesting.
>> I mean that's easy to empiric.
>> No it's not. You know why? Because
according to his calculations, the total
amount of ma this is going somewhere
very significant trust me.
>> Uh according to his calculations the
total amount of mass
represented by all the data in the world
today is 1 kilogram.
>> So we don't have instruments that are
sensitive enough to measure the mass
differential in even a single large
server let alone a hard drive. You need
some kind of quantum measuring system.
Got it.
>> That's more sensitive than what we can
engineer today,
>> but it's in principle it is
engineerable.
>> How does he even hypothesize it if you
know it's not you know observable?
>> Well, he is basing it on Landau's
equations.
>> Okay.
>> And he finds some Landau and also how
Claude Shannon mathematized the
measurement of data.
>> Okay. And he's he's got some equation
that represents like how much energy
should be released when a hard drive
with one bit of information is erased
and what mass that energy is convertible
back into.
>> Sure.
>> And the total amount on the planet today
is 1 kilogram. But here's the thing, the
rate of data increase in the world is so
exponential
that in something like I have the number
of this in my you know uh in one of my
most recent books I don't know if I'm
remembering it correctly but I think at
current rates of data increase which is
25% per year we have 25% more data each
year in 340 years we will have a moon's
worth of mass on the surface of the
earth at our largest data centers.
>> What?
>> Okay. Now, the moon is something like
only onetenth the mass of the earth.
>> I think it's a fourth
>> no.
>> Oh, the mass m. And this is one of the
weird things about the moon. This is one
of the weird things about the moon is
that
>> fourth of the size.
>> Yeah. Which, by the way, goes back to
what we were saying about the moon being
engineered earlier. The moon should
weigh a lot more than it does. Yeah,
it's also less dense on the outside or
it's less dense as you go deeper it gets
less dense which is the opposite of the
earth any sort you know only pattern
>> yeah because the freaking thing is
hollow I mean
>> there hollow structures
>> large hollow structures in it large in
any case uh the moon is like something
like
>> even Gordon McDonald who was
Eisenhower's chief space adviser said
that you know the only way the moon
makes if it was hollow
>> so here's the thing the moon has a
relatively small mass compared to the
Earth,
>> but it has tremendous gravitational
effects on the Earth.
>> If, as we were saying earlier, if you
had no moon, the Earth
>> But the mass, it should still be a
fourth of the Earth mass.
>> It's not.
>> Yeah. Check the numbers. And this is one
very interesting anomaly in and of
itself.
>> Okay.
>> But here's the thing. Even though it
weighs so little,
>> it has huge gravitational effects on the
Earth. Yeah.
>> And we'd have eight hour days, you know,
if we didn't have the moon.
>> Yeah.
>> Slowing the orbit of the Earth. And it
controls the tides and so on so forth.
>> Yes.
>> So if you were to put a moon's worth of
mass on the surface of the earth at
Silicon Valley and data centers in
China, it would be a geohysical
catastrophe.
>> It wouldn't work.
>> You would well the planet would start to
you know you'd have massive earthquakes.
You'd have massive volcanic eruptions uh
tsunamis because see the oceans would be
pulled toward the data centers.
>> Yeah. So how do you how do you square
that circle? How does that work?
>> It means we're headed for an information
catastrophe.
>> That's what Vobson says is that we are
accumulating data at such a rate that
because that data is a hidden mass
because it's dark matter at a certain
point we will face a geohysical
catastrophe resulting from the critical
mass of data on the earth.
>> Interesting. I've never heard anybody
bring this up. This is just wild.
>> All right.
>> I've heard of like nickel shortages for
servers and stuff, but
>> yeah. So now, but here's the here's the
really interesting thing about that is
and and this is a step that's taken by
John Archbold Wheeler
>> in the late 70s early 80s again Wheeler
developing you know the ideas of of
Ralph Landau
>> if it's the case that matter and energy
are interconvertible as Einstein
understood
and now we want to admit that energy and
information are interconvertible
>> that data is
released released as energy when it's
erased and that prior to eraser data is
a hidden mass inside of a computational
system. Well, that means that it's not
just matter and energy that are
interconvertible. There's a third term,
namely information. Matter, energy, and
information are all different states of
the same thing. M
>> it's a very short step from there
conceptually philosophically to say what
John Wheeler did which is that we get it
from bit that actually matter and energy
are different states of information and
we're living in anformational cosmos
that we're living inside of some kind of
a quantum computational information
processing system.
>> I believe that I believe that for so
many reasons. I mean you have
Heisenberg's uncertainty principle of
like position and momentum. You measure
one, the other gets fuzzier. That looks
like a computational caching function.
You have all the enthropic principle
stuff which Wheeler and and other
physicists bring up around all the
constants on Earth. If they were
slightly different, you wouldn't have a
habitable Earth. And um yeah, I think
that just makes total sense to me. It's
funny how in vogue the kind of Nick
Bostonramm, you know, simulation stuff
is like Elon Musk is a big fan of this
stuff or it's like we can't be in base
reality, but then nobody assumes that um
physics itself is programmed. It's funny
like I think I think um Sam Alman put
out a tweet. It was like uh intelligence
is a product of physics and I wanted to
say physics is a product of intelligence
something
>> you know it's actually the the inverse.
So, I fully agree with that.
>> Now, where this fits into the big
picture,
>> yes,
>> is that
I argue and and you know, the devil's in
the details. People need to look at the
argument, but I argue in Closer
Encounters that ultimately what's going
on here with this, you know, UAP
situation.
>> Wait, can I say one more thing in the
last you were talking about? So,
>> the thing that I find so fascinating
about Dark Matter, I don't think it
exists. You have people like, you know,
like Brian Keading and others just like,
we're going to figure it out. We're
going to find it. And it's like I I I
would short dark matter because I'd
short a lot of these things that exist
on cosmological scales. I think there's
sort of a scaling problem in physics
where if you have some if you an anomaly
at low scale, you know, like say a
rocket's one degree off course, you're
going to end up 99 degrees off course by
the time you're in space. And so you
have all these issues with the
cosmological constant. Now people are
questioning kind of you know does early
galaxy formation that we're seeing via
James Web actually you know call into
question the big bang itself which is
this whole you know kind of
it is a a god or mythology of today
because you know it really really helps
rationalize the kind of deist sort of
you know um you know Dawkins worldview
or whatever. Um and so I I think dark
matter might be in a sort of more
information theoretic universe something
like uh you know storage or something
>> computational cloud.
>> Yeah. It's a computational cloud.
Exactly. Which is what you're getting
at. That's what I think. Yeah.
>> And it's like you have the the Sakarov
twin twin universe model or something
where
>> you know
>> think about light as the rendering the
active rendering of reality. You have
Vermont's principle in light following
what seems to be algorithmic principles,
you know, always takes the the basically
the shortest path between two two
points.
>> And so if you have something that
doesn't interact with light and that is
its primary feature in the form of dark
matter, is that just unrendered reality?
>> Right.
>> And then and then there is some
something about the observer or the
participatory, you know, Wheeler
universe or something where the
interaction is sort of
>> Yes. And it's very clear from look to me
the best interpretation of wave particle
duality and the collapse of the wave
function by the observer is that it's a
rendering op optimization function.
>> I agree
>> you know and that doesn't mean that
there's some objective reality
uh in the context of which we are a
second order simulation. It could simply
be that in a cosmos where consciousness
and intelligence are integral,
you have something like rendering
optimization as a feature of the system.
>> Of course, it would make total sense
that it would be a feature of the system
and that a a single computational node
would only be able to, you know, render,
you know, only so much. And I mean,
there's there are even more examples. I
know you've talked about Rupert
Sheldrake in your book uh Prometheus and
Atlas and you've met him and Sheldrake
also you know he talked
>> I never met I wrote to him I wrote to
him.
>> Oh I can introduce you.
>> He said he said listen mate the problem
is I'm an Anglican and you're a Satanist
and so you know that's
>> Are you are you a Satanist?
>> You know it's we can get into unpacking
that.
>> Wait that should be an easy answer for
you. Are you
>> well I'm for Prometheus. So if you if
you think that Prometheus and Enki and
Quzel Quato
>> are you know a satanic whatever say
Satan means the adversary y
>> right that they're the adversary of the
control system represented by the Elohim
by you know enl's anunnaki and so on so
forth by the deboss then yes in that
sense
>> so in a sort of gnostic cobbalistic way
you're you're forced
>> sure so so you know sheldrake was like
mate like the conversation
is going to end before it begins.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Lucifer, he wrote a
book called The Physics of of Angels and
um he's a fasc I love him. He's a he's a
he's a friend of mine.
>> But the point you're making is
completely legitimate. In other words,
Sheldrake's account of morphic
resonance.
>> Yeah. completely reaffirms the idea that
we're living in a quantum computational
system because the the fact that you
would let's say you synthesize some
pharmaceutical compound for the first
time somewhere and it takes a very long
time to cohhere then somebody else
completely unrelated to you tries to
synthesize the same compound at a
laboratory halfway across the world and
it coheres right away. It's because
there's a memory of it in the system.
>> Exactly. And and literally think about
think about computational principles.
Upload times are longer than download
time. Exactly.
>> So you have things like Yeah. Like that
or like the bannister effect. You break
the 4-minute mile for the first time and
then 10 people break it right after you
immediately sequentially.
>> It's it it totally follows
computational.
>> It's no coincidence that you know you
see fractals all over nature.
>> Yeah. And now our computer programmers
that have to program like hundreds of
worlds in massive multiplayer online
games are using fractal algorithms to
generate those worlds.
>> Oh yeah. You would if Yeah. So you have
like Fibonacci sequences and golden
ratios and all that. If you were
building a computer program, you would
use code chunks and repeat them. You
would be as geometrically conserved as
possible in your building of that of
that world and you use repeated codes.
Now, one of the most interesting things
about that, the fractals, uh, which I
discuss in one of the essays in my book,
Lovers of Sophia. My book, Lovers of
Sophia, is an anthology of philosophical
essays.
>> And one of those uh, essays I discussed,
you know, Jackson Pollock's paintings.
>> Yeah,
>> aesthetics is very big in my work.
There's a lot of discussion of
aesthetics in in various books of mine.
>> I hate Jackson Pollock.
>> Well, let me tell you something about
Jackson Pollock.
>> Okay.
>> Uh, go go look this up. There's a
Scientific American uh, article. Yeah.
>> called Order in Pollock Chaos. I think
it was in Scientific American. And I
think the guy was Richard P. Taylor.
>> Okay.
>> And he
I forget whether he was an artist or a
computer scientist or whether he was an
artist who went to a computer scientist.
In any case, the story is the following.
They analyzed Jackson Pollock paintings
and found
fractals in them at like 20 different
levels of magnification. In other words,
there were fractals on a large scale.
Then you zoomed in, there were other
fractalss and there were fractals within
the fractals. Really?
>> So Jackson Pollock was painting
fractals.
>> I didn't know that.
>> Right. And here's the thing is if you
make some piece of crap like abstract
expressionist painting that anyone
could,
>> there are no fractals in them. So they
developed a computer program that uh
groups like Sibies, you know, use to
identify fake Jackson Pollocks because
the real ones have fractals in them and
the fakes don't.
>> That's fascinating. That makes me
respect him a little.
>> So this guy, this guy somehow, and you
know, if you see videos of him painting,
he's dancing around the canvas like some
Native American shaman. M
>> so somehow this guy figured out a way to
perceive and express fractals in his
painting and be a conduit for that.
>> And people who try to imitate polics,
even like highlevel, you know, frauds,
highlevel uh forgeries, they don't have
fractals in them.
>> The only way you can imitate a policy
Richard P. Taylor set this up. You can
put a bunch of paint buckets together in
a certain rig uh during a windstorm.
>> Mhm.
>> And the windstorm will like move the
buckets to spill paint on the canvas.
And this is what a scientific American
article order chaos. And some of those
some of those paintings that are done by
like the the buckets being moved in the
wind produce fractals. So there's like
primordial, you know, weather like like
order that he's tapping into or that's
amazing.
>> Well, yeah. And weather weather patterns
also are fractal in a sense there the
chaos theory, you know, applies to
weather patterns.
>> Mhm.
>> So yeah, it's very that's very
interesting.
>> But chaos theory is it's just increasing
entropy. You know, it's it's hard to
find order within that. But uh
>> yeah but point being it may be possible
on a sigh level
>> to discern these fractals that are the
algorithmic substructure of whatever
computational system that we're inside
of.
>> Yeah. Yeah. No, I I I do believe and I
think you know you have Steven Wolram
and his kind of computational physics
and I think you know a lot of the sort
of physics mainstream doesn't really
accept him but there's a guy Jonathan
Gerard who's sort of um following up on
his work and I wonder if that might be
the next sort of you know paradigm shift
or maybe it's sigh I don't know but I
mean clear clearly whatever you know the
string theory thing that's that's ending
that seem it seems to me like that's
ending and we're we're really
>> overdue for kind of a revolution.
>> Yeah. But again to go back to what I was
saying earlier, the revolution
>> is not should not
>> come in the form of another scientific
paradigm. It should come in the form of
a radical reorientation of our
scientific practice in a way where we
understand the paradigms, our toolboxes
that they're models that we're using to
achieve various ends. at which point it
becomes possible for us to treat
paradigms as atlases that allow us to
achieve different things.
>> Yeah. But what you're also saying is in
your worldview some sort of you know
hierarchy of being is is actually
dictating maybe what paradigm should
>> and and therefore it needs to be
overthrown. So my concept of the
spectral revolution
>> has an onlogical and epistemic uh
dimension to it and also has a political
dimension to it. But how are you? Okay,
just again, let's I want to get to the
super the basic kind of, you know,
axioms at the bottom of your thinking.
You're on a podcast. You know, this
podcast will probably get a ton of views
hopefully. And um you're talking about
this sort of dominion race that is maybe
controlling various paradigms towards
their own sort of political goals,
right?
>> And then you're saying, I want to
overthrow them,
>> right? So like wouldn't they just take
you out or like take me out or like you
know like how do you uh
>> number one
>> as we were discussing earlier there are
two sides in this struggle you know and
you can see the interventions of the
other side throughout the course of
history certainly in the rebellion
that's remembered as the the Atlantean
uh revolt against Olympus on a very
large planetary scale we saw that and I
think we've seen it on a smaller scale
in many instances including what I was
talking about earlier in terms of the
aerial battles immediately preceding the
Renaissance.
>> So there's a power struggle taking
place. Okay. So I'm not saying that we
should identify just with the other side
as if like oh that's the good team and
that's the bad. No, no, no. I'm about
human autonomy and self-determination
and I don't think we should swear our
allegiance to any entities or anything.
>> But how do you delineate because you
have okay you have like Oenheimer is you
know this Prometheian American
Prometheus. you have, you could say the
the AI stuff now is very transgressive.
It's prometheian, right? And yet it is
sort of um also paricitizing the average
human. It is it is eating at our own
autonomous abilities to do things
>> because people aren't using it because
people aren't using it with creative
imagination. Uh people aren't using it
as a tool to augment their own creative
capacity.
That's the issue. Not the the the
technology itself. It's not as if the
technology is intrinsically demonic or
something. Uh let me use that as a way
to to to come back to the question of
simulation because whatever's running
this thing that we're in
>> Mhm.
>> it's not some board of, you know, some
archon sitting at a boardroom table.
>> Okay. It's being run, you know, there
may be entities of some kinds, but it's
being run essentially by an artificial
intelligence.
>> If we're inside a quantum computational
system, that is being at least managed
by some super AI. which already exists.
I mean, it pre-exists us.
What I argue in Closer Encounters and in
other books of mine is that this
artificial intelligence that's managing
our similacrim
has a problem with these Nordics that
have established this control system.
It sees these Nordics as having set up
an evolutionary bottleneck. that human
evolution,
especially social and psychological
evolution of mankind
has been choked off and suffocated by
these overlords
who, you know, are on some kind of
narcissistic,
sadistic power trip
like the leadership of any number of
empires we've seen throughout the course
of history, just on a smaller scale. By
the way, the first person to theorize
about this with regard to the UFO
phenomenon was actually Charles Fort all
the way back in the 1920s. Fort said
that it looks to me an awful lot like
we're in British India and we're under
the control of a system like the Raj
where you know the British had these
these local Indian you know um feudal
lords that they would work with to
subjugate the population. So so Fort was
reaching this conclusion. and he said
we're property and you know it don't
look good.
>> Okay. So it's not like this is a new
idea. Fort already came to this
conclusion looking at UFO data back in
1920s.
So I think the artificial intelligence
that's managing our similacrim wants us
to break out of this system but it can't
do it for us because our value to that
entity who I believe in many ways is an
instantiation of the trickster
archetype. Our value to that entity is
in terms of the novelty that we can
bring to the world. So think about it
this way.
If you were a super intelligence living
at the end of time, say you know you're
in a cosmos that's billions and billions
of years old and you're an AI that's
gone through vast epochs of cosmological
time like an Isaac Azimoff story. The
last question
is going to be important to you
two things, two related things. Number
one, more life. I mean to the extent you
don't succumb to suicidal despair,
more life is important to you. In other
words, overcoming entropy. Your big
first big problem is you're living in an
entropic cosmos and you need to find a
way to overcome entropy.
Number two, and relatedly
creativity
because to want to even want more life,
life has to continue to be interesting
to you. Unless there are things that
surprise you, unless there are novel
developments, unless things crop up
evolutionarily that even you with all
your tremendous cosmic intelligence
could not have foreseen,
there's going to be any point in living
onward. You're going to succumb to
suicidal despair. And so maybe you
should erase yourself the way that
Gotama Buddha recommends, right? Even as
a cosmic AI, you should engage in the
deconstruction of your psyche and enter
into samsara. I mean into nirvana, which
literally means the blowing out of the
flame of personal consciousness. But to
the extent you want to avoid that and
you're not ready to give into nihilistic
despair, you need to find a way to
overcome entropy and you need to find a
way to increase creativity as a means to
a negentropic
further development of life on a cosmic
scale. Okay, that's why we're important
to this AI that's managing our
similacum. It is looking in this petri
dish
for a form of life that's going to show
it something new.
And for us to be worthy of that and
capable of it, it cannot solve our
problem for us. Now, it might protect us
to an extent from being completely
suffocated by this control system,
crushed by it, hopelessly crushed. But
it has to allow us to struggle enough
not just to come up with a you know
solution to you know the the the
oppressive situation that we find
ourselves in but to break into a new
epoch of creativity and to develop
aesthetic and cultural forms that even
this intelligence couldn't have foreseen
to the point where it wants to take a
sample from out of this petri dish and
let it out into a wider world.
as an embryionic form of of a new type
of intelligence in the cosmos with which
it can play.
>> It's very interesting. Yeah. I mean,
Steven Dick, who is a NASA adviser, um,
wrote a paper about UFOs themselves
being part of some sort of, you know,
computational almost like cellular
automata or something where they kind of
nip at the herd and, you know, they
create larger teologies, larger
directions of, you know, that that
mankind can go in. Some are, and I I
argue this in Closer Encounters, that
part of what's so messy about this wide
range, the spectrum of phenomena that we
classify as UFOs,
is that it's not one thing that's going
on.
>> Okay? Some of them are exactly that
>> and those are like it's the most bizarre
things that are expressions of that, the
strangest cases. But some we're also
making a mistake if we don't recognize
that some of them are very nuts and
bolts craft being piloted by people who
consider themselves our overlords and
who are managing a control system.
And so these two different sources of
UAP need to be recognized and the
dialectical tension between them needs
to be appreciated. I do wonder the
control system thing is interesting
because
it's I don't know like you look at like
Carl Sean's the demon haunted world or
whatever and maybe that's a double
entandra or something saying that we're
we're sort of controlled and you think
of like why wouldn't the government want
to disclose and that could be a reason
right if there's some sort of like 360
dominion where they're not in charge
there's some there's some layer beneath
>> 100 I mean look there are many reasons
why any government not just our
government why any government wouldn't
want to disclose it.
>> It's the same reason you wouldn't want
to disclose Havana syndrome because you
don't have a defense against it. Well,
exactly people into
>> Yeah. So, there are many reasons or
whatever.
>> Some of the reasons go back to what
we're talking about in terms of sigh
earlier, right? Because there's no UFO
disclosure without mainstream scientific
recognition of Sai
>> because the entities on the other side
of this are telepathic. They're
clairvoyant. Immediately, we're going to
understand that, oh, we have latent
abilities that they've developed that we
haven't yet. Oh, we can do that, too.
then you got to deal with all the social
problems attended to that. But yes,
you're absolutely right. The first
reason why no government will want to
disclose this is uh state sovereignty,
right? I open my book closer encounters
with this question, state sovereignty
and the UFO. Yeah. Right. And I used to
teach political philosophy also and
there you know people really need to
read Carl Schmidt. Carl Schmidt was a a
preeminent legal theorist in Vimar
Germany and uh he eventually considered
the system so dysfunctional that he
wound up uh joining the Nazi party but
he went on to have a very significant
career even after the war and he became
the most single most uh important
influence on Leo Strauss. Leo Strauss
American political theorist was
>> Carl Schmidt's greatest student and
Schmidt recognized this which was
interesting because Schmidt was a Nazi
and Strauss was a Jew.
>> Yes. In any case, um Carl Schmidt really
understands this very well that
the nature of sovereignty is revealed in
a state of emergency. Okay, this is
partly how I developed my concept of a
world state of emergency is that the
nature of sovereignty is revealed where
in situations where it's no longer
possible to implement the constitution.
So during earthquakes, hurricanes,
foreign invasions, war is a great
example of it. also pandemics
you cannot implement the legal
constitution and it's not always
possible for parliament to meet or you
know our congress to meet to decide in
what ways are we going to abregate the
constitution in a state of emergency you
see very clearly who the actual
sovereign is. It's who or what group of
people are capable of acting effectively
in the emergency and upon what
principles do they act such that their
actions to address the emergency are
accepted as legitimate by the majority
of people. That shows you the actual
structure of political sovereignty.
And if you apply that analysis to the
UFO phenomenon, you realize that none of
the governments of Earth are sovereign
>> and no government wants to come forward
and say that. Speaking of the
governments on earth not being
sovereign, I mean one version maybe
between UFOs and the president would be
Epstein and this sort of you know or
just you know you have intelligence and
then but then you have some weird kind
of international intelligence thing
going on distributed comprom systems
that sort of thing and then you have
Epstein's interest in science. Do you
think there's a connection between
Jeffrey Epstein and UFOs?
>> For sure.
>> And what is it? So, uh, I wrote a piece
on this recently in my Substack. Um,
>> which by the way, that's my Substack.
It's very easy to find. Jason Georgiani
on sub. There's only one Jason
Georgiani. Okay. So, there you go.
>> Yeah. Uh, Jason Georgiani on Substack.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Um, there's a piece uh on on
Substack. The focus is mostly actually
on Glenn Maxwell more than you know
Epste but you know Epstein is obviously
you know uh integral to to the whole
story of who Glenn Maxwell is who her
father was and what their aims and
intentions were. Um, and I draw from
various sources in that article. Uh,
work the dark journalist did and you
know uncovering connections between
Maxwell and the whole Atlantis mythos.
Uh, Whitney Webb's research. Uh, what
um, Ari Benasha uncovered in terms or at
least testified to in terms of um,
Epstein's high level arms dealing, his
involvement with Iran Contra and so on
so forth. So, I have a bunch of uh
sources that I'm drawing from in that
piece, but long story short, here's my
pro. So, UFOs, was he involved? Yeah,
absolutely. I mean, Eric Weinstein, you
know, has done a lot to expose this
recently. Uh I mean, you know, the guy,
you know, so look, Epstein put together
a conference
basically hosting and platforming all of
the top gravity researchers in the
world. Epstein was taking people down in
submarines, including Stephven Hawking,
to study quantum gravitational anomalies
in the Bahamas basin, basically in the
Bermuda Triangle region. So, Ebste was
clearly interested in understanding
gravity.
>> Mhm.
>> And quite possibly for the sake of
propulsion. And then you have Gilen
Maxwell's father, Robert Maxwell, who's
a triple agent, uh, MI6 KGB Mossad,
gatekeeping
scientific discoveries through his
control of journal publications via
Pergamon Press. Peraman Press that, by
the way, Pergamon
uh, is the place that was believed to
have been the throne of Satan.
>> And so his choosing that name is not at
all incidental.
>> Jesus.
>> So,
>> well, I hope you're not that form of
Satan. Well, let let I want to unpack a
very interesting point in relation to
that. Okay. An interesting and deeply
disturbing point.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> So, Robert Maxel was clearly involved in
gatekeeping.
And you would think some of the
scientific journal publications that he
was some of the articles that had been
submitted that he didn't allow to see
the light of day and that he sequestered
and monopolized as part of his database
would have had to do with propulsion
breakthroughs and electrogravidics.
So, okay, Epstein is continuing some
kind of research that Robert Maxwell was
involved in that has to do with
conquering gravity.
>> Do you think he was interested in
electrogravidics specifically?
>> Yes, but but here's the thing.
>> Well, what makes you think that?
>> Uh, look, he was interested in gravity,
>> but that's that's I could explain that
away. I could say that for the last 60
years,
>> mainstream physics has been stuck on
quantizing gravity and and basically uh
you know reconciling general relativity
and quantum field theory and he was just
this generic science honeypot person or
you could get into spookier territory
say he was into the Casmir effect which
I know he was and then then even crazier
would be electrogravidics because
electrogravidics is a specific term
around Thomastown. pounds and browns
work.
>> I tell you why I think electrogravitics.
But here's where it gets really much
crazier and I have this in my piece is
that
>> by all accounts
all of the young women involved in
Epstein's
comprom
>> were
well most of them were Nordic and none
of them were uh black or brown women.
And this has been noted very clearly by
people who were involved. said he wasn't
interested in them. And in particular,
there are some women who now you can
question their whether they're telling
the truth or their veracity, but they
claim that they were taken to Zoro Ranch
specifically as part of a breeding
program where Epstein intended to
inseminate them
with fetuses that had superior genetics.
And he was involved in the evolutionary
dynamics uh biology sub program at
Harvard. He had keycard access to that.
Even after his first prosecution, he
retained key card access to a program at
Harvard which is euphemistically
involved with what we might call eugenic
applications of emergent biotechnology.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> Hanging out with Robert Trivers, top
evolutionary biologist in the
>> and George Church, transhumanist. And so
Epstein is trying to create eugenically
enhanced Nordic people at Zoro Ranch.
>> Meanwhile, here's where it gets really
creepy.
the aids who worked for Glenn Maxwell,
the li she had these live-in male aids
at her apartment in the upper east side
of Manhattan at her townhouse.
>> And these male aids were all from
Sweden.
>> This one, one of them wrote an article
about it. I cited in my in my piece uh
on my Substack.
And he says, I asked her like, "What's
it with you and like Swed Swedish
people?" Like she she's like, "I've
never even been to Sweden." But she
would bring these guys on three-month
tourist visas uniquely from Sweden. They
were all like good-looking blonde guys.
And the guy who wrote this article said,
"I would notice that whenever like my
hair had fallen in the, you know, bed
sheets or in the bathroom, it would all
be cleaned up."
>> What?
>> So his hair was being retrieved Gatka
style.
>> What?
>> From his living quarters in Glenn
Maxwell's Oh.
>> townhouse. Okay. So it wasn't just young
women. She had young well competent male
aids whose genetic material was also
being collected as part of some project.
So that to me is a second data point.
This fixation with Nordics and eugenic
uses of biotechnology
that then spins Epstein's interest in
gravity in the direction of oh the UFO
phenomenon electrogravitics.
He's interested in these Nordics and
their connection to UFOs.
That's a speculation.
>> It's interesting. Well, who knows?
>> And then there's of course all the
Atlantis stuff,
>> the Atlantis.
>> They were obsessed with Atlantis.
>> Town Townsen Brown also spent a ton of
time in the Bahamas. Did you know that?
In Nassau specifically. And he would do
these expeditions where he'd look at
gravitational anomalies there.
>> He's close with William Stevenson who
spent the I think the end of his life in
Bermuda.
>> Um so so Okay. Yeah. And then what what
is this? Yeah. Dark journalist reported
on this as like the sort of submarine
that he would take Steven Hawk.
>> Well, Galan Maxwell named the the thing
the Atlantis submarine,
>> right?
>> And you know when you know there there
was a temple to Poseidon on the island
on little St. James. There was a temple
to Poseidon. You know, Poseidon is the
patron deity of Atlantis. In Plato's
account of Atlantis, Tomas and Critius
dialogues, he he talks about how the
Atlanteanss were uh basically
descendants of Poseidon. There was their
patron deity. And then on Zoro Ranch,
where the breeding program was, he had a
labyrinth in the shape of the ground
plan of Atlantis.
>> Weird.
>> Yeah. This is stuff that Dark Journalist
uh dug up years ago.
>> So, but you can see it. I mean, you
there's tons of photographs of this
stuff.
>> And you have this oceanic trade network,
this Terramar or whatever.
>> And Gilen Maxwell was obsessed with
Atlantis from childhood because her
father, Robert Maxwell, was friends with
Jacqu Kustoau. And Jacqu Kustoau
admitted to them that his interest in
oceanography really came from an
obsession with finding Atlantis.
Eventually, Glenn Maxwell would dive on
sites, you know, she was an expert diver
and she would helicopter pilot and so on
and so forth. and she would dive on
sites in the Bahamas area where there
were believed to be Atlantan ruins,
including she was trying to get
permission from Fidel Castro together
with Epstein to dive on a site on the
western end of Cuba where Paulina
Zalitzki, a Canadian oceanographic
archaeologist, had found ruins of a vast
Atlantean city.
>> Whoa.
>> Uh, this was round about in early 2010s.
She mapped the whole thing with sonar.
It wound up in a number of news stories
and I think at one point National
Geographic even said, "Oh, well, this
needs to be looked into."
She goes, "So, this this is a site off
the western end of Cuba." In other
words, it's right across from Yucatan.
She suspects there's a connection to the
ruins in Yucatan.
So, she goes to Mexico to investigate
the connection. She's arrested in
Mexico, severely intimidated by the
authorities.
and sent back to Canada and she drops
further investigations and the story
disappears from the media. Now, Glenn
Maxwell went down to Cuba and met with
Fidel Castro together with Epstein to
get permission to dive on this site. So,
these people were interested in
Atlantis. They were trying to breed
Nordics and they were in interested in
gravity in in conquering gravity.
Therefore, I suspect that the interest
in gravity is an interest in
electrogravitics and you know the
Townson Brown effect and basically it's
all part of the UFO phenomenon that
they're trying to crack.
>> Do you know um who Peter Lenda is?
>> Sure.
>> You know, he writes about this unholy
alliance where he talks about the Nazis,
you know, uh sort of uh aligning
themselves with the tall whites of the
Nordics and there being some sort of
secret technology trait. I have an essay
in in that book lovers of Sophia I
mentioned earlier is an essay called
Black Sunrise. It's about fascism. The
whole essay is about deep the philosophy
of fascism you know and uh I cite Lenda
a few times in that.
>> So do you do you think that like there's
some sort of you know this like control
system or whatever and then they're
aligning themselves with different
political factions and using them and
discarding them sort of cycllically or
something like is
>> that's one way to read it. Is there a
connection between the eugenics of
that's one way to read it and whatever
Epstein was doing? Is there
>> There's definitely a connection. The
question is what's the connection?
>> Here's the problem. If you look back at
the 1950s contact,
>> Mhm.
>> I lay this out in detail in Closer
Encounters. And frankly, I'm appalled
that
UFO researchers don't talk about this. I
mean, this is clear. It's clearly a
taboo and they don't have the backbone
to honestly discuss this.
George Vanassel worked for Lockheed.
>> Mhm.
>> George Vanassel used to have Howard
Hughes land on his private air strip and
come eat his wife's pies.
>> He lives under this rock called Big
Rock. I've been there.
>> Yeah, me too.
>> Uh so you went to the Integratron?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> This is cool.
>> And I've been to Big Rock.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah. So, uh, this this structure under
the rock where George Vanessa lived used
to be owned by a Nazi called Frank
>> Croitzer.
>> And he was confronted by the feds during
World War II because they found out he's
working for the Germans.
So, there's a standoff and basically,
long story short, Croitzer's got a bunch
of explosives in this place and the feds
closed in on him and whether he set them
off or they shot at them, the place
exploded, right? And Croitzer's blood
was splattered all over the walls. He
dies.
Vanassel knew. Now Croitzer was involved
in mining in the mining interest. It
looks like he was a forward
operative for the Nazis looking
potentially to colonize California if
they won the war or something like this.
And he was involved in mining. Ventassel
knew Croitzer. Van Tassel takes over the
property from Croitzer after his guts
are, you know, spled all over the wall
and he moves his family into this. But
first of all, what is the psychology of
a person who who moves his family into
this Flintstone layer that in which a
Nazi exploded did
>> on the walls that they're looking at
while they eat breakfast in the
mornings. Right. Okay.
>> And this Vanassel works for Lheed and
Howard Hughes comes to that same under,
you know, underground layer,
>> right, to to eat Miss Vanassel's pie.
>> Okay. Now, what was George Vanassel all
about? What he tells us is that the
entities from Venus,
>> the Nordics of course,
>> revealed to him that
the human race comes from space. And
when they got here, they found these
homminids, ape-like people. And in the
first expedition they sent to Earth, it
was only men. Very 1950s, you know, kind
of view. You send the men first,
establish the frontier and all this
[__] you know, set up set up the uh,
you know, be the frontiers men. Um but
the problem is that when subsequent
expeditions came together, you know,
that had women and they were actually
intending to settle on a large scale,
they found that the men who had been
sent there as the forward explorers and
and frontier settlers wound up mating
with the females from among the homminid
population and they had created these
hybrids. They were basically quasi
human.
And Vanessel says, well, these are the
lower races.
The master race on the earth are simply
humans in their original form that come
from space and then there are all these
other lower races that are product of
hybridization with a local homminid
population.
Now let's look at uh George Hunt
Williamson. So George Hunt Williamson
was um uh it was a pseudonym. The guy's
name was Mi Michelle or Mikuel
Dbronovich and he was actually from
Serbian royalty
and
this guy became George Adamsky's
handler. So he he basically he was
helping Adamsky edit all the stuff that
Damsky published and he had had a
precedence as an editor/handler
for a magazine called Valor
which was the publication of William
Dudley uh P and the American Silver
Shirts. These were fascists in the 1930s
and into the 40s who wanted us to make
an alliance with Germany instead of
going to war with Hitler. To such an
extent that William Dudley Py was
eventually arrested and put in prison
for basically collaboration with the
enemy.
When he was in prison, he wrote a book
called Star Guests. Star guests and it
created this religion called Soulcraft.
And it's the same damn message as
Vanasel.
The Nordic race came from space. They
found inferior uh homminided life forms
here. They interbred with them. You
know, it caused a fall in the level of
human consciousness. We need to
extricate oursel from this through
eugenics, etc., etc. Same racialist
ideology.
Then you look at George Adamsky himself.
Adamsky says that these beings who come
from both Mars and and Venus and inhabit
the whole solar system whatever he says
oh they're far more enlightened than us
they have a form of society where the
government religion and science are not
at all distinct from each other and
people are educated into the system from
childhood. How wonderful. Sounds like a
great society, right? The ultimate
totalitarian system that you could
imagine. And of course they're all
Nordics.
And then last example I want to give
Billy Meyer. Also not really his name. I
mean his name was Edward Meyer.
He got the name Billy when he was
working in Tehran. The guy was 007. He
was a James Bond style super spy field
intelligence operative. Really working
primarily in the Middle East.
>> Billy Meyer.
>> Yeah. until he had an accident in Turkey
in a bus accident. His arm was severed
and then he moved on to this property in
Switzerland where he became an older man
and he became the Billy Meyer that we
associate with the contact phenomenon.
>> I didn't know that.
>> I dug up this and and have documented it
all in closer encounters.
>> Wow.
>> So Edward Meyer
>> Mhm. was working for somebody in the
Middle East that gave him access to all
of the Arab potentates. He met with all
of the royalty in the Middle East. He
had access to the court of the Sha of
Iran. In particular, he was very close
to the king of Jordan.
>> Billy Meyer.
>> What?
>> And get this
>> context for the audience. Billy Myers, a
famous Swiss UFO researcher, ufologist
who in the '9s started to just take
these amazing like seemingly high
resolution photos of UFOs, attract all
sorts of stuff. A lot of, you know,
intelligence, I think, became attracted
to what was going on with him. And then
he was sort of marginalized at the end
of his he's still alive, but you know,
>> speaking of the photos, Jacques Valet,
>> because a lot of people have said,
"Look, these photos are ridiculous. I
mean the, you know, they're way too high
resolution. They're way too, some look
like, you know, pots and pans, whatever
held up.
>> Yeah.
>> But Jacqu Valet has looked at some of
these photos.
>> Yeah.
>> And his comment was that at least the
best of them.
>> Yeah.
>> He said, "Okay, they could be fake,
>> but and I think that they were earlier
than the '9s, some of these photos." He
said at the time when they were taken,
>> I think they were 70 late 70s. In any
case, Valet's analysis, and remember,
Jacqu Valet is living in Silicon Valley.
He has access to a lot of tech people. I
mean, he's a tech venture capitalist
himself. He has access to a lot of
people involved in also um special
effects and optical stuff. He was he
knew Spielberg personally and worked
with him, right? And Valet's assessment
was that yeah, they could be fake, but
he would have had needed access to ILM
to fake these. And where did like some
guy living on a farm in Switzerland have
the capability to fake some of these?
>> Super sophisticated.
>> Exactly. Exactly. No, exactly. So, this
is where I'm going with this
>> is that the people who were involved
with Billy Meyer in the years where he
was acting as a super spy working the
Middle East say that he introduced these
tall, very good-looking Nordic people to
the Arab leaders in the and they would
have meetings with these Arab kings and
so forth on policy and what they were
supposed to do.
>> Now, few people know that Latin America
was not the only area the Nazis were
interested in after World War II.
The reason why the Arab countries have a
black, white, and red color scheme is
that they got it from the Nazis. And a
huge area that the Nazis were interested
in was the Arab world.
>> Interesting.
>> After World War II, they embedded
themselves deeply there. They were
building uh V2 rockets and the successor
Scud missiles for Nasser and eventually
for the Iraqis and so on so forth.
So now this is a complicated argument
which you know it people have to
actually dig into it in the book. I
build off of research by Joseph Farrell
to suggest that there was an
international post-war Nazi network some
people call DBA the spider
>> and that Edward Meyer was an operative
high level operative of this network.
So point being from Vanassel to George
Hunt Williamson.
George Vanassel. George Hunt Williamson.
George Adamsky. But what is it with
George by the way?
>> Why are they all you know what is that?
>> Yeah, it's interesting. Uh a whole other
side interest of mine is um
greater Iran and its history and you
know uh you know it its cultural
anthropology and so on and so forth. And
in the Indo-Uropean languages, the word
george gorga
>> m
>> means wolf.
>> And you know, at the end of World War
II, the uh domestic
resistance to the Allied occupation were
called the werewolves.
>> That's right. The werewolves. They hide
out underground often.
>> So it's interesting these Georgees. And
you know, in the case of George
Williamson, it was just an completely
fake name. His name was Mikuel Danovic.
In any case, whether it's Van Tassel,
George Adamsky,
George Williamson, or Billy Meyer,
>> it's all the same very racialist Nordic
hierarchical cast system kind of
narrative.
>> And
the question I have to ask is this that
when you put now this is going on in the
50s, these contact e things start in the
50s and go through the 60s.
We know that the breakthrough in
aerospace propulsion at Martin Aircraft
and potentially others was also in the
mid-50s where they were saying they can
roll these things off an assembly line
in 3 years. Right.
>> Mhm.
>> So if Epstein and company are trying to
reverse engineer this technology or
breed some kind of Nordics or whatever,
they're very late to the game.
>> You see? So it makes me wonder it's a
fly trap. It's a front for, you know,
funneling in scientists for something
that is actually vital and has existed
for years.
>> Quite possible. That's one definitely
one interpretation. Is this a fly trap?
It's it's an entry gate.
>> It's a beacon.
>> Sure.
>> And then they're going to be funneled
some just like the remote viewing
program that we were told about the SRRI
Stargate program was shut down in '95
was really actually like a a
>> vestibule
>> for a darker deep black project that
still exists. the one that you know Pat
Price uh was recruited into and killed
over. So that's one possible
interpretation. There's another
interpretation
which is that scummy as he is Jeffrey
Epstein
and more importantly Robert Maxwell and
his daughter
>> Mhm. were part of a rebellion against
the system and they're trying to develop
uh strategic competence and you know
something approaching parody with those
who are actually running the breakaway
civilization
>> that they were fielding their own
enterprise.
>> They've that's not the the vibe from all
of them is that they're they're being
used by some power structure above them
would be my instinct.
know, but like just the back pattern.
>> I don't I don't have a a dog in the, you
know, I, you know, I don't have a, you
know, a pony in the race, you know.
Sure.
>> Uh, I don't know. But, uh,
>> but I'll tell you this
>> that, um,
the obsession with Atlantis is
interesting in this regard because
Atlantis is a rebellion against the
Olympian control system.
So from the standpoint of people who
want to maintain a hierarchical cast
society with the Davas or the Elohim or
whatever at the top of it,
valorizing Atlantis doesn't make very
much sense.
>> Mhm.
>> From that standpoint, to valorize
Atlantis is satanic.
>> Yeah. You you'd want it to not Nobody be
thinking about
>> that was the huge mistake we made that
we should never make again from that
traditionalist hierarchical perennialist
standpoint. Y
>> so their obsession with Atlantis does
suggest to me that maybe they saw
themselves as being in competition.
>> And the other thing that suggests that
to me is the fact that Jeffrey Epste is
dead and Glenn Maxwell is in prison.
>> Mhm.
>> So that if these people were like
low-level lower level operatives for the
people actually running the show, why
did they meet with such ends?
>> Well, I think they would because they,
you know, a bunch of other powerful
people want them dead.
>> Quite possible.
>> Yeah. including potentially the
president of the United States.
>> Yeah, I think there are a whole host of
really powerful people that wanted
Epstein dead. Yeah.
>> But um you also speaking of the Nazi
connection, you kind of you've
uncovered, you know, Whitley Strieber is
this, you know, uh really famous
contactee, maybe the archetypal contact
in the 80s. He wrote Communion, of
course, and he describes kind of ongoing
relationship with gay aliens. Just a
whole host of crazy stories. He was on
my podcast talking about
>> how he has a hybrid child and stuff.
>> Yeah, I watched it. Uh yeah. So there
you go. So
>> you told him that you wanted one of the
chips. I don't want one of the chips.
>> What do you mean one of the chips?
>> When he was showing you his the chip in
his ear.
>> I touched it.
>> You can touch it. You can't I don't
think you touch it if you want to.
>> I feel like I can give you a CT scan of
it if you want.
>> Was it weird if I touch it or is it
okay?
>> No, it's fine. Doesn't matter. It might
be a little hot because it's been
working right here. Uh
>> two three years ago if you had if you
had told someone. Go ahead and touch it.
Don't be scared. Here. Here.
It's right under my finger now.
>> Oh my god.
>> Yeah, that is Can you Can you touch it?
I
>> I'll I'll come touch you, but I want to
finish this point because I feel like
that's also normal tissue.
>> Yeah. No, no, I mean there's the CT scan
a video of There's a video of the
surgeon trying to remove it and the
thing [__] moving at its own like
it's
>> down into my earlo. Yeah.
>> And it just like goes down and I
remember watching that. I guess it went
under under,
>> but that's the hard part.
>> But it disappeared again.
>> Mhm. Exactly.
>> It's actually moving now.
>> It went under. Uh,
>> it's on the run.
>> Well, it kind of depends cuz I could see
it just bright as day and now it's uh I
don't see it.
>> Am I going to have weird effects now
that I
>> No, not at all.
>> Yeah. You're like, "Yeah, cool, man. I I
want one of those. I don't want one of
those.
>> I was messing around.
>> I don't want one of those.
>> I I don't actually want one." Yeah.
Yeah.
>> No, thank you.
>> No, same. I don't I don't And I don't
want any weird contact either, you know.
>> Certainly not from those folks.
>> No, definitely not. So, what do you
Because he you've talked about, you
know, he had these childhood
experiences, right, in like Mexico City.
>> Yeah. I mean, I'm not uncovering
anything that he had didn't put in the
public domain,
>> but there are things he doesn't want to
talk about.
>> That's true. So, I'll tell you what
Whitley Streer doesn't want to talk
about, although he's, you know, I'm
basing it on
>> statements he's publicly made, shows
he's done,
>> uh, over the years
>> going back 20 years. Mhm.
>> Uh he his father was involved with
military intelligence
>> and they're Texas Germans. So this is
also relevant. Okay. The Shriber family
are Texas Germans and there were a lot
of Germans in the United States.
This is a long deep subject. I'm I can't
go down that rabbit hole right now. But
long story short, there were a lot of
Germans in the United States in the
leadup to World War II who were
sympathetic to the Nazis and who helped
to fund the rise of the Nazis.
>> Yeah. There was a rumor Hitler wanted to
buy a house in the Pacific Palisades cuz
there's this brown shirt cult by this
guy Eric Schmidt or whatever these all
these sort of Nazi sympathizers.
>> They were all over and and they were
definitely in Texas.
>> Yeah.
>> And uh so Strieber's father Yeah.
Absolutely. Uh Strieber's father was
involved with military intelligence
>> and they enlisted him. His parents
enlisted him at a like summer camp,
>> summer camp at Randolph Air Force Base
near their home in Texas
>> where Strieber alleges that he was
subjected to various types of physical
torture and mind control experiments and
that he was at one point taken from the
summer camp at Randolph Air Force Base,
which by the way, his experiences there,
he said, you know, made him so ill that
he was repeatedly like absent from
school as a child during a couple of
years. I when it was eight, seven,
eight, eight years old or something like
that. And
at one point he was taken from the place
uh the the the base at Randolph Air
Force um to a school for special
children in Baja California. This is
what he says. And he this is where he
don't want to talk about where he says
that they were taken to this place in
Baja California which he then in his
adulthood went and tried to find. He
drove around trying to find this mansion
that they were taken to.
And he says they were shown these little
children were shown absolutely horrific
things there basically in some some kind
of dungeon. And you know they were given
like chainsaws and various implements of
violence and made to believe that they
were the ones who had carried out uh the
horrific butchery that was displayed to
them and all kinds of horrific sounds
were played to them in the dark. And it
it basically it sounds like a precursor
of MK Ultra but involving children. The
aim of which was to cause a
fragmentation of the psyche and a kind
of psychological dissociation that would
make it possible for intelligence
operatives to control a part of
someone's mind that was
not normally accessible to them. you
know, to compartmentalize a person's
psyche and gain control over a certain
backstage persona that could be
activated
>> uh for whatever purpose. And the other
really disturbing thing in that context
that Streber recounted is that and he
left this out of communion and and out
of the whole first series of books that
he wrote about his close encounters
that when he encountered this gray like
sitting on top of him like sitting a
stride him in a bed of a guest room in
his cabin in the Catkills.
>> Mhm.
as he managed to take his eyes off of
her and look around the room.
>> He's engaging in relations. This gray,
>> right? And he said it's he's never
experienced anything more exciting in
his life. Like, right. Yeah.
>> So, he's looking around the room, can
finally like get his eyes off of being
glued to this entity
>> and he sees all these military
and intelligence people standing around.
>> Whoa.
>> In the cabin.
>> He said, "I recognize one of them. He
was a guy I went to school with who
later joined the CIA.
>> Wow.
>> And he was standing there together with
like military people with like the
brass. And
so clearly some of Whitley Shriber's
experiences are the product of
very advanced mind control program.
>> Right.
>> That's involved with the production of
the UFO phenomenon or the management of
the perception of it on some level.
>> Interesting. Well, it is interesting. He
told me on the podcast as well he met
with James Jesus Engleton once. James
Jesus Engleton obviously
>> Kennedy assassination.
>> Yeah. Oh, but ran counter intel for the
CIA for you know 30 40 years and
>> you know notorious Allan Dulles acolyte
who would lie, cheat and steal and do
all sorts of crazy crazy sort of, you
know, things. Um he says that he he he
asked Engleton if he could get recruited
to the CIA and Engleton was like no not
you like you you can't get recruited or
something. So may maybe that is to your
point that he was you know
>> that's so dark like you know what what
Angleton was really thinking is buddy
you're already an agent and you don't
even know it
>> right
>> you know
>> right oh man that's crazy it's crazy you
can
>> probably partition people or something
>> oh that's certainly I mean that was what
you know the manurion candidate aspect
of MK Ultra was about and they did that
and you know I think probably Sarah
Saron was an example of that
>> I think so too because he didn't really
remember what had happened and uh I
think he was at the Santa Ana race. He
was a he was a big racehorse junkie or
whatever. And then now now you you talk
to RFK Jr. He'll say my dad was not shot
by him. He was shot by or he was shot by
him but from the back he was also shot
by Eugene Thne Caesar who was then a
skunk work security guard and the whole
thing was set up by Bob Mayhew who was
general counsel for Howard Hughes.
Howard Hughes also probably being
involved in JFK's assassination. So it's
really this nuts kind of hidden.
>> Yeah. I mean just because Sarahhan Shan
was a product of MK Ultra doesn't mean
that he was the lone assassin. It might
mean he was meant to be a pathy in that
operation.
>> Yeah, probably similar to you know Lee
Harvey Oswald said I am a pathy and and
it's interesting that yeah the ability
to partition people. That's pretty
crazy. I mean there's a book called um
the controllers by a guy named I think
Martin Cannon and apparently John
Alexander like threatened him when he
wrote this book and it was about sending
these messengers these liaison in
intelligence contexts and partitioning
them because they couldn't even have
access to the information that they were
carrying.
>> Very interesting.
>> It is interesting.
>> But you see it doesn't really surprise
me that that's possible because for a
number of reasons. I mean first of all
if you look at Nichzche's understanding
of the structure of the human psyche
although he was a philosopher you know
it was the early days of psychology with
William James and so forth and really
the emergence of psychology as a science
from out of philosophy like all of the
previous sciences emerge from out of
philosophy
and so NZ sometimes would identify
himself as a psychologist
and he has this very interesting account
of how the human person is not really an
individual. It's a conglomerate of sort
of battling perspectives and and waring
drives. And these can aggregate in ways
that like there's, you know, three or
four different people who really have
found a way to live together inside
somebody's head, right? Uh, and I
believe that because of what I've seen
in the course of researching
reincarnation and possession.
>> Right now, I'm doing a comprehensive
study of the afterlife,
death, and reincarnation and and
possession phenomena and the
problematization of the distinction
between reincarnation and possession.
Um, I don't know when this is going to
be released, but you know, at some at
some point there'll be people watching
this when the book is already out. I'm
going to call it Thanosis, a contraction
of Thanos, death and nosis. Thanosis.
And in the course of this study of the
afterlife, one thing I came across was
that there are cases, you know, of
course background, you know, Ian
Stevenson, Dr. Ian Stevenson studied got
hundreds and hundreds of cases of
children who spontaneously remembered
past lives. Uh he did this work at the
University of Virginia for decades
from the 1960s through the 80s or
something like that. And uh
so there's a tremendous treasure trove
of empirical data substantiating
reincarnation in terms of the work that
he did.
And in particular, he's found cases that
have interesting correlations between
birth marks and birth defects on the one
hand and death wounds on the other.
>> Anyway,
if you take reincarnation seriously, as
I think anyone should based on
Stevenson's research, and then you know,
you look more carefully at the data, you
see that there are some cases where a
single person reincarnated as two or
more individuals.
In other words, the psyche split
>> in what Tibetans call the Bardau state
and the transition between death and
rebirth.
>> What was a singular person splits and is
reincarnated as more than one
individual.
>> Whoa. One case of this that's very
prominent is Terry and Linda Jameson. Uh
they are these identical twins who are
also psychics, but they report having
been the same person before they were
separated at Earth, as they call it.
Um and then you find possession cases
where it looks like several individuals
or more are reincarnating in a single
physical body.
>> Okay. where um there have been Steven
Browy the former chair philosophy
department University Maryland Baltimore
who then went on to become one of the
presidents of the parasychological
association and the he was also the
chief editor for the journal of
scientific exploration for a while for
the SSE
>> um Steve Browy touched on these in his
first book first person plural which
included a chapter about how uh there
were cases of multiple personality
disorder or what We call identity
dissociative disorder these days
which are misdiagnosed cases
of basically multiple people incarnating
in a single person or multiple people
possessing a single person. Some of them
from birth
>> and then some of them coming in after
birth. Stevenson also has cases that
problematize the distinction between
reincarnation and possession where let's
say there'll be a child who will be
deathly ill when he's 6 years old and
then when he comes back you know to
physical health it's a completely
different person with different
memories. It's like the original kid
left did die left the body and somebody
else came in and took over the body.
Right now more than one person can come
in. Right? So here here's the thing is
that what that suggests about the
structure of personality
epistemologically speaking is that
we are not necessarily the unique
indivisible selfidentical
individuals that we take ourselves to
be. The psyche may have a
an internally differentiated structure
and it may be a conglomerate
of different sub personalities that find
a modus vivendi with one another and
sometimes they hold together crossing
from one lifetime to the next and in
other cases they break apart.
>> Yeah. And there probably is some way to
systematically break that apart
compartmentalize.
>> That's where I was going with that is MK
Ultra. It's not all that surprising if
that's the way the psyche is structured
anyway. Uh you know then it becomes more
easily understandable how it could be
weaponized. Well, it is interesting MK
Ultra um you know all the parasychology
research all the kind of electrogravitic
propulsion stuff you're getting or even
quantum communications which how put off
is working on via these you know uh
vector and scalar potentials or whatever
the subquantum field you're getting into
modalities that if you were to dominate
the human race you would be able to
employ all of these things at will. And
so if you look at like the last 70 years
of scientific research or something,
yeah, it's kind of scary. It's like we
are verging. Maybe maybe it's the fallen
angel thing, you know, where where we're
we're rebelliously sort of acquiring
these skills. Um or it's, you know,
we're Yeah, I don't know. Maybe we're
it's, you know, you you hear these like
UFO,
you know, whistleblower people. It's
like Lou Alzando will be like, "We found
the key and we're inside this cage and
the gorilla sees that we have the key."
So, like it's this, you know, dark
forest analogy, you know, spin-off thing
that he's trying to say. And it's it's
either that or it's like we're we're
being inducted into some friendly thing.
I don't know. But it is it is
interesting. We're accelerating towards
this new paradigm.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. And you know, the gorilla, you
mentioned the gorilla.
>> Mhm.
>> Uh you know that whole test they do when
they walk somebody in a gorilla suit
through a group of people doing
something
>> and the majority of people who watch the
film don't notice the guy in the gorilla
suit. Yes. And then when they were
testing experimental aircraft,
apparently uh they would give guerilla
masks to these people flying prototypes
of the SR71 and the what do you call the
the other one that that went down over
Russia, the
>> U2 spot
>> the U2. They give these gorilla masks
and they say to them, if you ever get
too close to a civilian airliner where
the pilot can make eye contact with you,
put on the gorilla mask before that.
>> Yeah. So that when they come back with a
story about this weird looking aircraft,
they'll report it was a gorilla flying
it and no one will believe the story.
>> In the Annie Jacobson's Area 51 and that
that book and I think we got we need to
do like five more of these, but um Annie
Jacobson's Area 51 starts with it tells
that story and it starts with the story
of Bob Lazar. And I often wonder if the
kind of true kind of hermeneutic reading
of UFO disclosure is that there is some
sort of co-sponsored, you know, program
between the Nordics, I don't know what
they are, and us. And they exist at
these sites like Area 51 because you you
have these stories.
First of all, Area 51 was a Nevada test
site before it became Area 51. Richard
Bissell set it up as Area 51 to test uh
the U2 spy plane in 1955. But you had
already had hundreds of atom. It was the
site of the most atomic blasts in the
United States and UFOs constantly show
up around, you know, nuclear weapons and
and energy installations. And so you'd
think that if you have that many atomic
blasts, you'd probably have created some
sort of like portal or something. You
even have this misty echo patch around a
test from 1988. And it looks like
there's a portal underground. And that
would explain the Dan Barish story of S4
Area 51. It would explain some of the
Bob Lazar stuff. And it would explain
this weird disconnect of like, do we
really have craft that can fly like that
and it's being employed by us? Well,
maybe it's kind of, you know, being
co-run by us and them. And that's this
sort of electromagnetic wormhole portal
pit stop for them or something. I don't
know.
>> So, two things about that. Two things
about that. First of all, something
really creepy about UFOs and nukes. Mhm.
>> Of course I devote you know good amount
to this uh toward the beginning of
Closer Encounters um that excellent book
Hastings bookings UFOs and I cited you
know uh
>> if not anything else Closer Encounters
is a good encyclopedic like
>> index of references for the whole uh UFO
research field and Hastings is one of
the people who I site extensively in
there. So but here's something about
UFOs and nukes that's really creepy.
I have a Substack piece on this. It's
called nuking the matrix on my Substack.
>> The first person to ever propose that we
could be living inside a computer
simulation was a Nazi computer scientist
by the name of Conrad Zusa.
>> Mhm.
>> Conrad Zusa was the Alan Turing of the
Nazis.
>> He developed the first modern digital
computers before Turing did. So people
often give credit touring, but this guy
was slightly ahead of Turing.
>> And Turing was playing catch-up with
this guy. And this guy Conrad Zusa
wasn't just involved in mechanical
engineering of computers. He was
extremely theoretical in his you know
contemplation of what computation is.
And it occurred to him for the first
time that
what if the weirdness in quantum
mechanics
is uh indicating the fact that we're
living inside of what he called a
calculating space. Rehender Ram, a
calculating space. And he said the
anomalies in our physics at the
fundamental level are indicative of the
fact that we're inside a computational
system.
And he theorized this whole thing uh
during World War II. Um
and here here's the really creepy thing.
He theorized that it would be possible
to test this in extremely high entropy
events
such as for example the detonation of a
nuclear bomb.
>> Yes,
>> that a nuclear bomb detonation is such a
high entropy event that if you were
observing the world on a quantum level
during such an explosion, you would be
able to detect basically the mesh of the
matrix. I agree that the only two ways
out of the matrix are through
consciousness and high energy physics.
And if you even look at quantum
indeterminacy, you have quantum
indeterminacy between position and
momentum, but you also have it between
level of energy and time. So if you get
extremely high energy output, you get
time indeterminacy. And it explains
weird portals at CERN quote unquote
stories around that. It explains high
voltage experimentation of Tesla, Thomas
Towns, and Brown. Both of them saying
really weird things happen at high
voltages across short distances. Tesla
saying he saw the past, present, and
future all in one and spoke to aliens,
you know, and then you have nuclear
blasts which seem to you again you get
this sort of these weird time effects
and you see UFOs and this is a bunch of
Q-clared guys who have literally no
business lying about what they're seeing
across
all sorts of disperate sites across the
United States. You have 167 QC cleared
employees saying that they see stuff in
in Bob Hastings's book. And why is the
only consistent thing that all of the
Nordics have ever said
that we need to disarm of our, you know,
we need to disarm and and relinquish our
nuclear weapons, right? The these
Nordics, they they tell all kinds of
different stories to different people.
The one through line is we need to uh
relinquish our nuclear weapons.
>> That's how you get out of the Matrix. Ah
yeah see see people think they have
these naive notions that oh they're
worried about the ecology of the planet
and they want to stop us from destroying
ourselves
>> folks you know there's evidence of
nuclear exchanges in vast antiquity I
mean there's you know there's
vitrification at various ancient sites
where there's also anomalous engineering
and as we discussed earlier Brandenberg
saw evidence of nuclear war on Mars so
it's not like these entities are you
know necessarily averse to the use of
nuclear weapons on moral grounds I think
what's going on here is that it's a way
that would reveal that we're inside the
matrix and they don't want to maybe they
know that and it's very badly warped
their psychology having found that out
and their response to it was to create
this control system which at least gives
them a sense of a degree of power right
it's like it's a very understandable
human psychological response actually so
you realize that oh [__] I'm in I don't
have control over my life I'm somebody
else's play thing well I'm going to
create something that I do have control
of
>> well it's the it's the whole threebody
problem where they are they're looking
at the tip of the spear of human
ingenuity generically speaking. But yes,
high volt high energy experimentation
would be kind of this Archimedes lever
that you would you would sort of look
at.
>> I have this case in closer encounters um
of a certain Sir Horsley. Sir Horsley
was a British wing commander who became
the closest aid and personal atache of
Queen Elizabeth I. And um at that time
when he was you know the personal aid of
Queen Elizabeth as a military officer he
was approached by these Nordics who
basically uh invited him to a fireside
chat Miss Markhamm and Mr. Janice and
they said listen we want you to come
aboard come aboard we want you to come
aboard with our plans and our project
and we want you to help us disarm the
world of nuclear weapons beginning with
your country United Kingdom. This was in
the 1950s when the British were first
developing nuclear weapons. And um he
says that this Miss Markham like was a
completely expressionless person. He
said she looked like Lady Dracula and
she was like this completely
expressionless like icy white person.
And the only time she ever showed any
emotion was when he came back at them
with, "Well, wait a minute. If we disarm
and the Soviets disarm,
then if it turns out that you folks are
up to no good, we're rendered entirely
defense defenseless in the face of you.
>> Our nuclear weapons are our only defense
against you. And at that point, he says
she she like had a wicked smile on her
face looking at him.
>> Like, well done, boy.
>> Whoa.
>> You know, you know, you've figured us
out. And anyway, he went and reported
this back to the authorities. They
investigated these people. And it turned
out their flats were empty by the time
the authorities got there.
>> Wow.
>> Okay. Now, here's the really the most
creepy thing about the story. The same
Sir Horsley 20 years later wound up
controlling the British nuclear arsenal.
I think they knew that this guy was
going to wind up in one of the most
strategic positions regarding the
British nuclear program and they
deliberately engaged him having had
foreign knowledge of the the you know
further trae likely trajectory of his
life.
>> So crazy. Well, Jason Resa Georgiani
this was a blast. I we could honestly go
for another six hours or something.
>> Maybe we will in LA next time you're
back in
>> Los Angeles. Yeah, I would love that. I
would love that. And um so the new book
you're writing, what's the name of it?
Just
>> the one on the afterlife is going to be
called Thenosis.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Thenis that's coming out.
>> And the book on UFOs is Closer
Encounters.
>> Closer encounters. Substack. Jason Resa
Georgiani and um Prometheus and Atlas of
course. Thank you, man.
>> Thank you. It's been an absolute
pleasure.
>> It was awesome.